Rites of Manhood

Author: notthewees

*000*2021-10-16 06:15

Xander Cohen, a transgender high school senior who just started testosterone therapy and is anxious to prove himself a paragon of stoic masculine virtue, decides that it’s only fair for him to hold it when the boys’ restrooms close due to an absurd TikTok challenge. He ends up having to hold it longer than he or his STP device bargained for.

For Hallo-WEE-n, I wanted to write a story where a transgender character gets in trouble because of their own stubbornness instead of horrible discrimination. The setting, scenario, and main character are not autobiographical, but some of the weird little details about what it feels like to be trans and undergo testosterone therapy are. Njoy.

_____

PART 1

Xander Cohen’s phone alarm went off for the second time at 8:10 in the morning. The alarm audio: “I Walk The Line” by Johnny Cash.

Xander rolled over in bed. He was slight, with wavy brown mid-length hair and green eyes. His olive skin had a fresh spray of acne. Yawning and stretching revealed his underarm hair. He only shaved his face, even though he didn’t need it. Yet.

He’d been on testosterone for three months and three days. Three months translated to twelve shots deep into the muscles of the thighs, starting on his eighteenth birthday when his parents finally gave him the go-ahead to make his own medical decisions. His mother couldn’t watch: too squeamish. He was squeamish, too, but each time he reminded himself that the Mawé people of the Amazon Rain Forest had a rite of manhood that involved a glove filled with stinging, venomous ants. Compared to that, a sterile needle was not so upsetting.

He drank some water he found on his nightstand and checked his two phone notifications. His friend Zo had sent him the Dune trailer at three in the morning. He watched it, idly concerned about Zo’s sleep schedule.

The other notification was yet another Swirlie Challenge TikTok from his school, apparently filmed the afternoon before. Dumbass Jared Ledbetter and his dumbass friends were taking turns dunking each other’s heads in the toilet like bullies from an eighties movie. It was ridiculous. He sent it to Zo: “look at these losers at it again ”

After that, he put down the phone and went to take a shower. He needed to pee and liked to kill two birds with one stone. Saving the earth and all that.

He showered without turning on the light - a habit from his worst early adolescent dysphoria days - and used a lot of acne wash. He hummed “I Walk The Line.”

His genitals were tingling. They’d been tingling off and on for the past month, a mildly irritating sensation that was like arousal unconnected to anything. It was because things were reorganizing down there. A look with his phone camera the night before showed that he was experiencing what his endocrinologist had decorously referred to as “growth of erectile tissue wherever it is found in the body.”

There was an appendage. Previously tiny and hidden, the appendage was now the size of a marble, although after years on T it would grow to the size of a thumb and take on a penile appearance - or so he hoped. He’d decided to refer to it as his phallus. The word was his secret; he knew that if he mentioned it online or even to a doctor, he might be ridiculed for his avoidance of the scientific term, which started with “c” and had always made him feel ill. It was only through a combination of testosterone and new words that he might someday overcome his aversion to sex, but it embarrassed him anyway; he was still struggling to accept that his gender dysphoria would never be fully explicable to those who had never experienced it, and that he was free to chart his own course through life and language without forever rationalizing, justifying, and explaining.

It was time to get dressed. First, he put on his STP device with its rainbow harness. The STP device was a soft, hollow, realistic-looking silicone prosthesis that could either be positioned upright to mimic the bulge of a flaccid penis in his pants or pushed back to allow him to pee standing up. When positioned for peeing, the “balls” folded out into a reservoir that sat under his slit.

$$

Even after a year of practice, using the STP had its challenges. Xander always went in stalls because he was paranoid that the silicone wasn’t realistic enough, or that a cis man at a urinal would notice the odd movements he made positioning it. It was impossible to wash the thing out in a public bathroom, so any smells generated by drops of urine that remained in the device after peeing were unpredictable. The obvious solution was to pee only later in the day, although that always meant that his bladder was quite full and it could be hard to moderate his stream so that gravity had time to work on the funnel of the STP.

Yet Xander loved standing to pee. It made him feel powerful and right, a comrade to other men. The prosthesis had been worth the investment, and he found that he used it by default except at night.

Over the harness he put some roomy red boxers and a pair of black jeans that disguised his troublesome hip-shoulder ratio. He then pulled on (with effort) a white tank-style binder that smooshed his c-cup breasts into nice-looking pectorals. Over this he wore an ordinary man’s undershirt and gray sweater. He added chunky retro white tennis shoes for the vibe and he was ready to go. Dressed plainly like this, he found that he passed in places where people didn’t know him, albeit as a much younger boy.

Downstairs, his parents and little sister greeted him by name. They were getting better at it all the time. He grabbed some toast and a Mountain Dew-based energy drink.

“That stuff looks like nuclear waste. I don’t know how you stand it,” Mr. Cohen said.

In his estrogen-dominated incarnation, Xander would have gotten angry at his father for insulting his drink. He would have pitched a fit about how absurd it was that everyone expected him to drink bitter-ass coffee like some kind of millennial. He might have even cried. Now more balanced, he held up the can, laughed, and said, “that it does, dad. Do you think I’ll turn into the Creature from the Black Lagoon in time for Halloween?”

___

TO BE CONTINUED...

*002*2021-10-18 23:41

PART 2

It was his mid-morning break between driver’s ed and English. Xander was refilling his water bottle at the fountain when everyone heard Principal Dix phase in on the intercom. He sounded angry.

“Attention students: the administration has received some more distressing information about the so-called Swirlie Challenge, a TikTok game that is, as I explained in my e-mail to your all parents on Monday, actually a form of bullying that could lead to drowning and dangerous gastrointestinal infections. Since an entire week of warnings have not stopped these inexplicable acts from being filmed inside our school, and exclusively by the boys, we will be closing the boys’ restrooms until further notice. We realize that this is an inconvenience, but we had to consider that your safety comes first. Thank you for your cooperation.”

A murmur went up from the students in the hall. There simply weren’t going to be boys’ bathrooms today? Because of Jared Ledbetter and his creepy goons? That was so unfair!

Xander closed the spout on his water bottle slowly. He would save it for later.

___

Mrs. Lucien pulled him aside on his way out of English.

“Xander, I heard the boys’ bathrooms are closed while we sort out this whole TikTok situation,” she said, “but if you’re having a problem, Xander - and I hear that people - er, boys - like you can still get periods, Xander, and that certain biological, uh, differences in bladder capacity between the…genders remains the same…uh, I’m sure you can use the girls’ bathrooms, Xander. Xander, I know you petitioned the school to use the boys’ rooms and everything, but I mean, if necessary, I’ll vouch for you with the administration, or if anyone bullies you, if you need to use the girls just for today, Xander.”

She smiled. It was a condescending smile. A sisterly smile. Xander hated it.

“I don’t need to use the girls’ bathroom,” he stated flatly.

He wasn’t sure, of course. The knowledge that he couldn’t go after lunch as usual was giving him too much awareness of his gradual, automatic processing of fluids, making him feel a bit of a twinge. But after that little performance, Mrs. Lucien was the last person he would ever ask for help.

___

After calculus he went to the cafeteria and bought his lunch - two limp burgers to count toward his body’s constant, irritable, T-driven demands for protein - and went outside to the patio area. Students were encouraged to eat outside on account of COVID, despite the fall chill.

“Xander!”

It was Zo, his best friend. She liked to introduced herself as “Zo, without the e,” which only those who knew her well understood as an estrogen joke. She was a fan of dissonant synth music and had been cultivating a fashion sense that could best be described as early 1990s neon bog witch.

“Oh, hey!” creaked Xander as he sat his tray down across from her. For the past two weeks, his voice had been creaking like a rusty hinge at higher registers, as if deliberating whether or not to drop. It was both exciting and a tad embarrassing.

“Are you ready for Dune?”

“Yeah, you sent me the trailer at, like, three in the morning. When do you sleep?”

“I’ll sleep when I’m dead. Isn’t Timothee Chalamet an entire five-course meal?”

“Indubitably.”

“So what’s up with the Swirlie Challenge debacle? If they closed the boys’ bathrooms, does that apply to you?”

“Of course it does. Mrs. Lucien said I could use the girls’ if I wanted. Of course I told her to shove it…well, not in those words, of course. I’m not a girl.”

“You should have taken her up on it. You can’t just not go to the bathroom in solidarity with people. You have to look out for yourself in this world. What if you get diarrhea or something?”

“Diarrhea wouldn’t make me a girl.”

“God, you’re such a Taurus. I bet you end up in the emergency room because your bladder exploded and you have to explain that you were just being stubborn.”

“I’m a man. I can handle it,” he said. He grabbed his 18 oz. water bottle and chugged it straight, just to show her.

“You know, they did a poll of men in Denmark and the United States about what makes a man, a man. The Danish men said that being a man meant proving you weren’t a boy, while the American men defined it as proving you weren’t a woman,” she said.

“Are you calling me out for toxic masculinity?”

“No, I’m just reminding you we all have to pee eventually.”

“We all have to sleep, too, but I’ve never seen you do it. I’ll go at Hebrew School,” Xander said. Zo rolled her eyes and ate a baby carrot.

Paul, Zo’s friend from theater, walked up to their table. He was a big guy and a bit of a himbo. He was wearing gray sweatpants and looked great in them - anyone could see he’d been doing a lot of crunches and squats lately.

“How’s the workout routine, Paul?” Zo asked insinuatingly. And thus the conversation flew off in a dozen different directions.

_____

Physics was Xander’s last class of the day. Mr. Jones was covering potential energy, the energy held by an object due to its position in relation to other objects, its electrical charge, or internal stresses. A book on a table had more potential energy than a book on the floor because it was further from earth’s center of gravity. If the book falls, that potential energy is converted into kinetic energy due to the constant downward force of gravity. Hence:

U = hmg

Where m is the mass in kg, g is the local gravitational field (9.8 metres per second squared on earth), h is the height above a floor in meters, and U is the energy in joules.

Xander pressed his thighs together and drummed his mechanical pencil against his left hand. Now he could really feel how his body was accustomed to draining the tank after lunch, and he sorely regretted drinking extra water just to prove something to Zo. Constant downward force of gravity indeed. He was glad he was wearing a mask and no one could see his facial expressions. A glance around the classroom showed that some of the other boys might have been in his situation, although it was also possible that they were just bored.

One could, apparently, calculate the kinetic energy of a waterfall without the need for complex fluid dynamics equations (“that’s for your junior year of college, little physicists”) if the height and the volume of water were known. This was the principle behind hydroelectric dams.

Xander banged the mechanical pencil so hard against his watch that the eraser flew off into the aisle. Mr. Jones looked up disapprovingly, cleared his throat, and continued the lecture.

Xander looked down at his notes and cupped his left hand over his forehead in order to stop looking at his watch or the wall clock. He discovered that if he grasped his flies and the bulge of the STP and drew them upward while leaning forward, he could get the phantom effect of squeezing his dick while also pulling the thick denim tight over his slit. He didn’t want to squirm - he was convinced it was unmanly - but he needed to covertly adjust his position every few seconds when the relief of taking a new position inevitably wore off. He was going to have to review all the class material with YouTube videos because he couldn’t focus worth a damn.

When school let out, he found that he had to take a little care in standing up. His knees wanted to buckle. God, did he really have to go this badly after just seven hours? He walked stiffly down the hall and out the east side entrance of the school.

The cold air did not help. Ohhhhhhhh.

Zo and Paul caught up to him.

“You have to pee, Xander,” said Zo. It was not a question.

“Of course I have to pee,” he admitted.

“I told you so.”

From the side of the school, they could see the woods out back. Several boys seemed to be headed in that direction. Paul stood for a moment, considering, and then cantered off toward the trees, holding himself and stumbling.

“Ugh, fuck, I have to PISS! Fucking Jared Ledbetter! Fucking Principal Dix!”

Xander followed. His anxieties about proving Zo right and his classmates seeing him use his STP were secondary to how badly he had to go. Now was as good a time as any to have his first piss outside as a man among men.

In a way, it was romantic: the clear blue sky and afternoon sun, the smell of wild mushrooms, the soft patter of dozens of boys pissing on dry leaves in the woods.

God, just let me pee.

He hid himself behind the first substantial tree he came to and started to unbutton. He worried about his ability to control his flow when his bladder was so full. Caution: contents under pressure. He wished he’d chosen an STP with a deeper reservoir, or a sharper downward angle, or a wider exit hole. No matter. He could do it. He had to.

“Alright, clear out! You aren’t supposed to be back there!”

Two school security guards were running toward the woods.

The boys scattered, shouting and laughing; Xander headed east toward the boulevard, where he had a city bus to catch.

When he stopped running, he had to lean back against the bus shelter, cross his legs, and pulse his thighs to get his acute need under control. He pinched the tip of his STP through his pocket, and felt his heart rate drop and legs steady themselves. Phantom dick syndrome was a lifesaver.

He willed the city bus to come faster, to come early even, so he could get to Temple and pee.

It had been awkward to reenter Hebrew School with much younger kids, but Xander was so happy that Rabbi Weiss had accepted his petition to have a bar mitzvah that he didn’t ultimately mind. He’d had a terrible time at his bat mitzvah when he was wearing a dress, and he wanted to replace the memory. It was always terrifying to approach a religious leader about these things, even if the religious leader in question was a female rabbi at a Reform Temple that advertised itself as LGBTQ-friendly. He had expected impossible demands delivered from a place of scorn, but found that a rite of manhood would be granted to him if he merely brushed up on half-remembered Hebrew and Jewish history beforehand.

A similar conversation with Rabbi Weiss about hatafat dam brit, a substitute circumcision ceremony in which a drop of symbolic blood would be drawn from Xander’s inner thigh, did not go anywhere. Rabbi Weiss deemed it “way too much.” But again, this was a Reform Temple.

His phone beeped right before the bus arrived. It was a notification from Paul: “I wet my ducking pants in the car thank duck no one saw.”

The accompanying photo showed Paul’s sweatpants (minus Paul) with huge wet spots on the right upper thigh and rear.

The photo gave Xander a warm and ticklish sensation around the phallus, a renewed and redoubled urge to pee combined with something else. Involuntarily, he pictured Paul behind the wheel of his car, clasping his penis will all his might but losing control regardless and having to finish driving home in a puddle. Xander squeezed his thighs hard when he sat down, feeling all kinds of shivers and cramps inside.

______

*003*2021-10-18 23:57

PART 3

The bus trip to the synagogue seemed mind-numbingly slow, even though it took the same amount of time it always took on average. Xander sat clenching and aching and longing for the Temple men’s room with its white marble sinks and gender-neutral potpourri bowl and line of hooks for hanging tallit outside.

When the bus pulled up to his stop at last, Xander was surprised to see construction workers climbing down into a hole that had been dug in the front lawn of the Temple.

“There’s been a water main break,” a young woman with long black hair told him once he ran in the door. He recognized her as Rachel, a college student who volunteered at the Temple library every day after her classes.

“They aren’t letting us use the bathrooms. I’ve already been holding it all day and I have to gooooooo,” she whined, putting a hand to her crotch to illustrate the point.

She bounced a little on her heels. She had large breasts for her frame and wasn’t wearing a bra, so he could see her pointed nipples jiggling up and down under the material of her sweater. It was hypnotic. Since starting T, he’d had to remind himself not to gawk at people’s breasts. And butts. And cameltoes. And penis bulges. And bodies in general. His imagination betrayed his best intentions as he pictured Rachel wiggling out of her tight high-waisted jeans and exposing her cute butt to squat in the bushes behind the Temple. If she’d really been holding it all day, she would gush like a fountain. His own overfull bladder winced.

But he was too stoic to admit he was in the same predicament. On principle he rejected gender stereotypes, but deep down he believed what society had always told him: in the absence of alcohol, a man should be able to hold it indefinitely.

“Oh man, I’m sorry, Rachel,” he said.

“I’m going to burst,” she said, crossing her long gazelle legs. Me too, thought Xander.

The Hebrew School classroom was on the west side of the Temple and blazed with natural light in the afternoon. Temple Beth Shalom was a large community, and the roster this year was nineteen kids plus Xander. Xander sat in the back because even at only 5’6” he was taller than some of his twelve-year-old classmates.

He could hear some of the kids kvetching about having to pee. His own bladder kvetched vigorously as he wedged himself into one of the smallish desks. The frustration of getting all the way here and having to hold it for over an hour was unreal.

Hebrew School was taught by Mr. Feinstein, a real estate agent with an Israeli wife and a classic New Jersey accent. He had donned a cheesy Star of David face mask for the kids. Today was a Jewish wisdom and history day, not a Hebrew language day, so at least Xander wouldn’t be called upon to conjugate anything in his state of disadvantage.

“After the Talmud is complete, what do you do? You study it! You write commentary on the commentary, and then you write commentary on that! Just like people arguing on the internet,” Mr. Feinstein began with a flourish as he launched into his discussion of the philosophers of the Jewish Middle Ages: Rashi, the Rambam, Judah Halevi, and so many others.

Xander looked out the window. He vaguely remembered this material from the first time he went to Hebrew School at the appropriate age, but his ability to focus was shot. It was all he could do to maintain the appearance of sitting still above the waist.

Mr. Feinstein continued: “When the Rambam and later Rabbi Karo set out to codify - that means organize - Torah law, they embraced the idea of God as a micromanager. The halakha had relevance to every aspect of a Jew’s life, no matter how small or intimate. Would any of you say your parents are micromanagers? Yes, so we know what that word means. Today is probably the wrong day to bring this up, but the Rambam even believed that the Law specified when a Jew should go to the bathroom. In the Mishnah Torah, he wrote that one should not delay using the restroom if at all possible.”

The twelve-year-olds tittered, except for one girl at the front who remained very quiet.

“So with our unexpected plumbing issues today, you can say that our Temple is in violation of the Mishnah Torah! We might as well serve bacon cheeseburgers at kiddush, according the the Rambam. Rabbi Weiss and I should be smacked.”

More titters.

Xander shook his legs; at one point his knees hit the desk hard enough to make a noise. His previous strategy of pulling his pant seam tight over his slit was providing rapidly diminishing returns; the forward rocking tightened his waistband around his bladder. He wanted to shove his hand into his crotch and jam his fingers against the floodgates. But he knew what this would look like: a boy pushing his genitals aside to finger his taint in Hebrew School for some inexplicable and no doubt perverted reason. Instead, he half-crossed his legs at the knees in a way he hoped looked masculine. It barely helped.

“But that’s traditional Law, and we are Reform Jews. We have more interest in the philosophical ideas the Rambam laid out in A Guide to the Perplexed…”

Xander felt a muscle flutter, and a few drops of pee crept into his quivering urethra and dribbled out one by one.

He couldn’t stand it. He slid his left hand between his legs and pressed it hard against his slit. It calmed the trembling inside, and he was able to make sure his pants were still dry. He looked around to see if anyone had noticed. Masks made it impossible to tell.

He kept two fingers against his urethra and fanned his legs. Fanned his legs. He’d allowed the bottom of his binder to ride up to where it wouldn’t graze his bloated stomach. Oh my God let me pee let me pee let me pee. He thought to run out and hide in some alcove and use the STP to piss in his water bottle, but then he remembered that he’d left his water bottle at school.

When Hebrew School ended 20 minutes later, he had trouble standing up. He was hurting. A few more drops of pee snuck out of him as he uprighted himself. Mr. Feinstein stopped by his desk: “Are you okay, young man?”

If he said no, that he had to pee so bad he could see through time, they’d take pity on him. Mr. Feinstein or someone else on staff would drive him to a MacDonald’s, or even point him to the bushes out back. But he was overcome by bravado once again. He told Mr. Feinstein that he was just tired, and went outside to wait for his ride.

A brisk wind had kicked up, and he shifted from foot to foot as the chill dried the sweat around his ears and squeezed his bladder sharply. He hoped that any observer would think he was cold. There were too many people around for him to run around back and use the bushes.

He spotted a downcast Rachel walking fast toward the back parking lot, accompanied closely by Rabbi Weiss. She had a hoodie that didn’t look like her style tied around her waist, and the cuffs of her jeans were damp. She’d probably wet herself in the quiet of the Temple library, the hissing of her pee loud in her ears as it cascaded down her shapely legs and darkened her pants. Had she felt relief, despite how embarrassing it was? Xander put a hand to where his bladder swelled beneath his waistband. It would be so nice, Xander thought, to empty himself, to stop the trembling and the leaking and the chilly-day misery of holding it. The Rambam himself said that Jews weren’t supposed to hold it in like this, and was wearing black jeans…but that was the worst thing he could do. He remembered what Zo had said about Danish masculinity: being a man is the opposite of being a boy. He wasn’t going to wet his pants if he could help it.

If he could help it.

Poor Paul.

But then his mom pulled up, interrupting this fatalist train of thought. He sprinted up to the passenger door of the van. His eight-year-old sister Jules was in the backseat, still wearing her soccer uniform.

He shut the passenger door, “drive, mom. Hurry. I have to pee.”

“Honey?”

“I have to pee, mom.”

“Couldn’t you go back in - “

“No time to explain, just take me home. I really, really have to pee. Please, mom.”

“Okay, sweetie.”

Unable to get comfortable, he crossed his legs at the top, no longer caring about how masculine it looked, and started bouncing.

“Ah, ah, ah, ah!”

“Are you going to pee your pants, Xander?” his sister asked in a sing-song scandalized-kid voice.

“No, no, shut up,” he said.

“Don’t tell your sister to shut up. You are an eighteen-year-old man.”

“Sorry, mom. Oof. Ah.”

He rubbed his knee, shook his foot. His mother was sympathetic, driving as fast as she reasonably could, but he still had to consider the possibility that he wouldn’t make it. Every acceleration and deceleration of the car made his bladder slosh and shift and hurt.

When they went over the speed bump on their way into their condo complex parking lot, a squirt of pee shot out of him. He could feel it dampening his boxers. He jumped as high as his seat belt would allow and buried his hands in his crotch.

“Mo-o-om!” He moaned.

“I’m going as fast as I can!”

“Xander’s gonna pee his pants! Xander’s gonna pee his pants!” Jules exclaimed.

“Quit it, Jules,” said his mother.

“Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God,” he panted. He felt another substantial leak as they pulled into the parking space in front of their unit.

When he jumped out of the car, a spurt dampened the inseam of his jeans under his fingers. He had to take a moment bent over next to the car, gasping as his muscles cramped and shuddered under his stone-heavy bladder. He could hear his sister laughing as he staggered up the steps to where their mother was unlocking the front door.

As he started running through the front room, he could hear his mother continue to scold Jules, although the sound was distorted and muffled in his ears like a transmission from another reality.

When he got to the toilet, he wasn’t breathing properly or thinking clearly. He decided that the time necessary to turn around and pull his pants down was an impossible eternity. Instead, he positioned his STP. Let me pee let me pee let me pee. Now now now. After some frantic fumbling he parted his legs and felt the reservoir beckon beneath him.

Groaning, he released a stream of piss.

It was too fast, too heavy, too forceful. It almost knocked the device out of his hand. Within a second, the reservoir of the STP overflowed, and he felt hot pee brimming up to his slit and then spilling over, soaking his boxers all over again.

He tried to moderate the flow with his exhausted muscles, but his bladder responded with a fierce contraction, pushing fluid out at an even higher pressure that sent it rocketing into the STP and splashing back against his slit and phallus. He clenched hard, completely stopping the flow and taking the pain, his thighs shaking and jarring more pee out of the reservoir. He couldn’t cross his legs or slide his hands between them in this position, so it was pure willpower.

“Aughhh!” he cried, trying again to relax halfway. The attempt only caused another wave of cramps. He was either going to pee or he wasn’t.

In the struggle, he’d been holding the STP at too high an angle; he pointed the tip down reflexively. When he heard the stream from the exit hole hit the water in the toilet, it was too much. He surrendered.

“Ah…oh God, oh God. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh.”

It felt so good. The relief spread through him, blurring his vision and weakening his knees.

The easy stream from the front of the device continued, incongruous to the furious spraying further back; he knew he was wetting himself, he could feel it pouring down his thighs, but he no longer cared.

He tilted his pelvis forward and pushed the overflowing silicon funnel more firmly against his slit, submerging his phallus in wet animal heat and sending torrents of pee down his legs and onto the floor.

“Ah, ah, ahh!”

It was the best feeling in the world.

He felt his stream slow to a trickle and then finally die down. He forced himself to breathe deeply as the STP device itself emptied a couple of seconds later. He was still shaking. His jeans were wet all the way down the legs and up the bottom, and his socks weren’t in any better shape. His white shoes would need to be washed, too, which was very inconvenient. There was a puddle on the floor underneath him. He estimated that at most a fourth of his pee had ended up in the toilet.

Fuck.

He knew he needed to clean up, but all he could do was stand there rocking dizzily. He felt something he had never felt before.

He hadn’t stopped sweating. His phallus was throbbing. A whole new urgency, a different biological imperative, overwhelmed him. He pulled down his pants, boxers, and harness and touched his genitals through his damp pubic hair. He found them puffy and extraordinarily sensitive. More sensitive than they had ever been. His phallus was protruding stiffly from its nest of tissue, yearning outward with a newfound aggression. Touching it almost made him panic from pleasure.

He pulled his footwear, pants and undergarments the rest of the way off and got into the shower, still wearing the sweater and panting against his binder; exposing his chest would ruin this, whatever it was. He lay down in the dry tub and spread his legs.

He threw his head back and closed his eyes as he began to rub his phallus with piss-soaked fingers.

“Unnnhhhhhhhh,” he sighed. He was jerking off. He’d never been able to do this without the mysterious wrongness of his own genitals killing his arousal. But now…

He braced his feet against the back of the shower and started thrusting his hips.

Yes, fuck.

There was a tension inside him like he felt going up the lift hills of roller coasters. Potential energy.

Chaotic flashing images: Rachel’s big tits pushing against her sweater, Timothee Chalamet’s pretty brooding face in the Dune trailer, Paul’s ass as he ran towards the woods, the shiny mouth of an unknown trans girl Insta model, Paul wetting his sweatpants, Rachel wetting her jeans…

“Yes, yes. Yes, God,” he whispered.

Potential energy. Potential energy. Potential energy.

It broke like a summer storm, and his mind went white and sparkling. He felt a jolt go through his phallus. A spurt of something burst from him just below it. He let out a small squeak, or a sob.

He looked up at the bathroom ceiling and the shower head in a daze.

Did I just come?

The first ejaculation. He’d read about it with confused envy in the male chapters of the puberty book his mother gave him when he was eleven. Sure, his was a slightly unconventional first ejaculation, and at the ripe old age of eighteen, and definitely shooting blanks, but it had happened. He’d jerked off and it had happened.

He reconsidered his judgment from a moment before about the best feeling in the world.

He sat up slowly. His ribs hurt as if he’d been running in his binder; he needed to get it off right away and take a shower.

He showered with the lights on, taking time to soap his legs and rinse his sore private parts. His whole body seemed to vibrate pleasantly. Some more Johnny Cash popped into his head - he tried to sing “A Boy Named Sue,” but his voice kept breaking all over the place.

After showering, he took his wet clothes to the laundry room. He couldn’t look his mother in the eye for multiple reasons.

Since she’d decided at the last minute to order pizza for everyone, dinner was postponed for awhile. He grabbed a sparkling water and an apple and went to his room. As loopy and tired as he felt, he wanted to get a few days’ jump on his Hebrew School homework.

He smiled as he arranged his desk. On a Saturday morning in about five months, he was going to go to Temple with his parents wearing a suit, a kippah (yarmulke), and tallis (prayer shawl), and Rabbi Weiss was going to invite him up to read from the Torah. Rabbi Weiss would announce “today, you are a man!” with more corny emphasis than usual, and his parents would applaud like crazy for this creature who had turned out to be their son on the day of his bar mitzvah.

______

END

*004*2021-10-19 00:18

Thanks for reading my first trans story! I hope you liked it.

Fun facts:

1. I’m a huge religion nerd and all the Jewish stuff in this story is real. Judaism places a spiritual value on literacy and American synagogue libraries are typically big enough to require part-time volunteer librarians. Most Reform rabbis offer adult bar and bat mitzvahs, and a gender transition could be a rationale for one. And Maimonides

(aka the Rambam) really did

Add “don’t hold in your pee” to the corpus of traditional Jewish jurisprudence, meaning that omorashi is specifically forbidden in Orthodox Judaism. Make of that what you will, but please no ugly comments about Jewish people. Some of my friends and biggest heroes are Jewish. Thank you.

2. Anecdotally, trans men on HRT are more likely to ejaculate than cis women. This has NOT been formally studied by science, but I wonder if it could be due to the action of testosterone on Skene’s glands

, which are located next to the urethra and made of the same tissue as the prostate.

*008*2021-10-31 02:45

{{6 minutes ago, Ms. Tito said:

Honestly I think the whole "don't hold in your pee" thing is less "Omorashi is forbidden" and more "Holy shit you are literally killing yourself just please go pee behind this bush I promise you no one will see I can't stand to see you in so much pain just please pee you'll feel so much better omg." (Unless I'm wrong and it really is "no omorashi" then...oof)

}}

You may be right, but I'm not about to ask an Orthodox rabbi about it. Can you imagine that conversation?

