Legacies Omorashi

Author: Nik591

*000*2024-05-18 23:36

This is based on Legacies Omorashi

It was created by octavia

And I pretty much just did a rewrite with a wet ending. (All characters are aged up to where Hope is 20 and Josie is 18). (This is an AU which is unlikely to follow canon)

Characters that are included: Mainly Josie and Hope but there are small cameos in the beginning from Penelope and Lizzie.

I hope you enjoy!

Part 1 :

Josie was thinking. She didn’t know how to feel about what Penelope, her girlfriend, had revealed to her. She was into omorashi. Josie thought it was perfectly normal to have a fetish but she was questioning whether she should try it or not. Penelope wouldn’t force her but she didn’t know if it was something she would enjoy. After a while, she decided it was worth a shot. She didn’t want to disappoint Penelope so she wanted to try to hold her pee alone to know how long she could last and what her limits were. The only problem was Lizzie. She hated Penelope and she would be so mad if she found out what her sister was doing just to please her. Josie had to wait for Lizzie to be away.

The perfect moment arrived about 2 days later. Lizzie was going to be out of town for the day to see a new therapist with their dad. Josie had plenty of time. She woke up and decided it was better to have her morning pee so Lizzie wouldn’t be suspicious because she was fidgeting. She entered in the bathroom linked to hers and Lizzie's bedroom, knowing she was taking her last pee for hours. Afterwards she got dressed. She decided to wear light blue jeans and a neckline red t-shirt.

“Wow Jo, you look cute today! Is it for Satan?”

“No Lizzie, I’m gonna stay in my room and study today.”

“If you say so... I gotta go, see you tonight sis!”

And just like that she was gone. Josie went to the kitchen and had breakfast, pancakes and a huge glass of water. While she was leaving, she ran into Penelope.

“Hey JoJo.”

“Hey. How are you this morning ?”

“Tired, want to hang out later to keep me awake?”

“Sorry, I can’t. I really have to study but maybe tomorrow, okay?”

“Hey, could you do something for me?”

“What?”

“Could you make Hope Mikaelson wet herself?”

“Uh… sure but how would I do that?”

“I already had someone slip some laxies into her drink when she was going out and I heard she was going to borrow some books from your room.”

“Ok sure sounds good.”

“Also uh could you record it? Just for personal pleasure and whatnot.”

“Yea, sure I’ll put up some cameras.”

“Ok I gotta go study in the meantime. See you tomorrow!”

“Ok, see you JoJo.”

Penelope kissed her and entered the kitchen. Josie couldn’t help but notice that her girlfriend was fidgeting a lot this morning and deep down she knew she probably had to pee which gave her motivation to achieve her project. To make Hope have an accident and record it. I wonder how that will coincide with the plan I already had? Maybe I could join her in the wetness to give Penelope a cool surprise?

She went back to her room, set up a few cameras and opened a bottle of water. She drank it while watching V-Wars on her laptop. She hesitated but ultimately chose not to drink another one right away and whether or not she should embarrass Hope like that. It’ll just be for Penelope so it won’t spread around but still. Though she really wanted to please her girlfriend She had to go back to the kitchen for lunch and she didn’t want anyone to find out about what she was doing. After two episodes she felt a twinge in her bladder. She had to pee but it was far from urgent. An hour later, she was making a sandwich and taking it back to her room with other bottles of water. Her need had increased but it was still bearable. She went back to her tv show and tried not to think about peeing.

There was an idea she had about how to get Hope to wet. She thought that locking the bathroom on a timer and putting the entrance to lock with a short incantation would work fine, but what to do about the windows? Ah yea let’s put a protective charm on them so they can’t be broken out of. She put the locking charm on the bathroom door for 5 hours and set a protective charm on it and the windows just in case.

3 hours and 4 bottles of water later, it was all she could think about. She was nearing her limits and she definitely couldn’t ignore her need anymore. She was crossing and uncrossing her legs repeatedly and feeling really tempted to start holding herself and her bladder felt really full. She was glad to be alone. She opened a book and tried to read it to change her mind but it was next to impossible. She almost lost control when a knock on her bedroom door surprised her. ‘Shes here!’

”Josie? It’s Hope. Lizzie said I could stop by to borrow some of her books for the test on monday. Can you open the door?”

“Yeah, sure. Just wait a minute.”

Josie stood up for the first time in hours and she shoved her hands between her legs. Damn, it was worse than she thought. She slowly took her hands out of her crotch before she opened the door and Hope burst in wearing some blue jeans, tennis shoes, a gray jean jacket and a gray top she quickly looked around and Josie could swear she saw Hope wink in the direction of one of the cameras.

‘That’s odd.’ she thought.

*whispers so Hope can’t hear “doorius lockius.”

“Hi, it’ll just take a minute.”

‘Ok gotta stall.’

“Hey, how have you been?”

“Oh.. heh I’ve b-been ok j-just been s-stressing about the test a b-bit.”

“Ah yeah I have b-been as w-well, h-how’s your studying going?”

“G-Going w-well enough I-I’m fairly c-confident about passing j-just wanted to do a bit of review.”

The redhead started going through the books and Josie noticed that she was shifting from side to side and crossing her legs. Does she have to pee? Oh right of course she does! Josie herself kept her thighs pressed against each other. She was shaking but was trying to look casual. Suddenly Hope jumped on her feet, her hand in her crotch and looked at her. ‘Did she leak?’

“Can I please use your bathroom ? I was at the Mystic Grill with Landon and I had 3 milkshakes and a bottle of water but I didn’t go to the toilet before leaving or coming here. I thought I’d be okay but I swear I’m about to burst!”

”Yeah...s-sure...”

‘Little does she know that it’s locked and that we’re stuck in this room together.’

”Thank you!”

Hope ran to the bathroom door and shook the handle.

“Uh, Josie? Why is your bathroom locked?”

Josie came over and tried to open the door as well.

“What the hell?”

“Oh god I’m about to burst I’m at like a 95/100!!”

“Yea, I know I’m almost at my limit as well I’m at 94/100!”

###

*30 Minute Later

They’ve been sitting in silence hoping for some sort of salvation to come when Hope finally spoke up.

“Ugh we’ve been stuck in here for 30 minutes! I’m about to soak my pants! I’m gonna try to get to a different bathroom.”

Hope proceeds to try to open the bedroom door and also fails and Josie notices a crab apple sized wet patch show up on Hope’s pants. Josie herself decided to take a look at her own and saw that she had a wet patch nearing the size of a regular apple that was about to grow.

“Oh gosh, Hope I’m about to soak myself I got like 3 minutes!”

“Yeah, Josie I can relate! I’m probably 2 minutes max from just being completely soaked!”

“Heck! We’re definitely not going to make it! Do you just want to wet together?”

“Yea, sure just anything to get relief already!”

‘Gosh she must be REALLY desperate if she’s that quick to agree. Hopefully this doesn’t get leaked somehow.’

“Ok, you ready?”

“Yea.”

“Ok, I’ll count down from 5.”

“5…”

Started relaxing.

“4…”

Hope takes off her shoes.

“3…”

“2…”

They put their legs together.

“1…”

“0…”

They closed their eyes and looked down.

“Release.”

And they sighed as they began to unleash their floods.

Hope’s release was rapid and spontaneous as she started to pee her jeans. It spread from her crab apple sized wet patch to spreading across the top of her jeans and right below her back pockets and then started to slowly trail down her legs soaking down to her thighs in small little rivers, to her knees and finally to her ankles and starting to make a puddle on the floor. As she kept peeing the puddle kept growing and the small streams soon turned to one very large stain covering nearly the entirety of her pants in wetness. She was panting in relief the whole time and when she finished she was still panting.

Josie’s release was a bit more shy and tense. It started with little spurts that wet her crotch and thighs a bit, then when she started to not be able to hold it, a tiny stream started to wet her jeans and when the relief took over all shyness left her as she started to fully release with a loud moan/squeal at how amazing it felt and the tiny stream turned into a roaring rapids that quickly soaked her thighs and jean pockets and started to trail down her legs in streams of solidarity, down to her knees, her calves and finally to her ankles and completely saturating her shoes before they quickly overfilled and spilled onto the floor to make a sizeable puddle on the ground. Her jeans were utterly drenched with almost none of their surface being even slightly dry. She was softly moaning the entire time from the completely new sensation that felt amazing. She was so out of breath that when she finished she was panting.

I’m planning on doing this in a Hope pov for part 2. Lmk your thoughts on that.

