Demonically Desperate (Helltaker)

Author: NotACat

*000*2020-06-21 15:31

So, the plan is to write multiple shorter stories about the various demons in Helltaker, and for some reason I decided to start with the one that causes the most problems with perspective. Thanks to @MasterXploder for editing and for coming up with the triplets' names.

Mark of the Beast

###

“We messed up.” The Triple Demon’s faces were even paler than usual and their worries showed clearly on their faces.

“Harassing neighbors again? What did you do?” Life had gotten hectic, to say the least, since returning from Hell. This wasn’t the first problem the Helltaker had needed to deal with today, but he could at least hope it would be the last.

“...” The three dog-eared demons didn’t answer, just staring blankly at the door.

“Why are the police at the door?” In most other situations he’d be glad that emergency services were still willing to respond to the house - Pandemonica wasn’t known for her restraint after all, - but this had the potential to get complicated in a hurry.

“...” The only hint the triplets offered was a glance in the direction of the neighbor’s house and a wet patch visible on each of their slacks.

###

While the corruption of the mortal realms was still their stated goal, Cer, Ber, and Rus were content to take a more leisurely approach to the task. Sabotaging the humans’ communications would be delightfully fun, but would likely earn Malina’s ire. Destroying a few roads would be a decent workout, but Luci would probably start complaining if they couldn’t get ingredients for pancakes and denying Pandemonica her coffee could only end badly. All three of them shared a collective shudder at the idea.

For now they were content to explore the rather alien surroundings of the human world with all its strange sights, sounds and scents. Unfortunately, one scent in particular was proving quite annoying; the humans living next door kept a pitiful excuse for a dog as a pet and the blessed thing kept trying to mark all the trees in the area as its own. No matter how many times they tried to drown out its scent, the infuriating creature continued. Growling at it as it walked by didn’t seem to faze it either; the furball knew that it was untouchable as long as its master was present.

Well, no more. Today they would be claiming that dog’s territory and nothing was going to stop them. With several mugs of coffee made to Pandemonica’s exacting specifications quickly filling each of their bladders, the triplets were more than ready to get their revenge. As the three demons strode up to the neighbor’s home, there was a noticeable tightness in their lower bodies as they tried to keep their legs pressed together. As one of the triplets headed for the tree in their front yard, the other two climbed the steps to the porch. That furball wasn’t going to have the option to ignore them anymore; the three of them would stake their claim to its favorite tree and to any way that it wanted to get out into the wider world.

As Cer approached her chosen tree she was already unbuckling her belt, getting ready to pull down her pants and give the tree all the water it would take. As she did, her sisters pulled down their own, Ber squatting over the welcome mat and Rus remaining standing and aiming for an open window that flanked the doorway. As Rus stood there with her pants pulled down to her knees and her bare butt facing the street, she grinned at the thought of what she was about to do. Maybe that little shit wouldn’t be so eager to bark at people from this window once she was done.

With one hand pressed on either side of her nethers, she tightened her lower stomach and began forcing the pee inside of her out. The slightly yellow liquid spread into a fan-shaped spray of droplets, rattling against the screen of the window. Seeing and hearing the splashing as her urine drenched the windowsill her nemesis loved sitting on, she just couldn’t help but start laughing.

As Rus got her relief, a similar scene was playing out nearby; Ber chose to squat directly in front of the front door, mooning the street just as thoroughly as her sister. Her own stream began as more of a dribble, her pee soaking into the fabric of the welcome mat as she went. As it picked up momentum and exceeded the mat’s ability to absorb liquid a puddle began to pool on its surface before running over the edge and onto the porch floor. With one hand holding her pants out of the line of fire and the other bracing herself against the ground, she leaned backwards, allowing her stream to spray up and into an arc that splashed against the dog entrance set into the house’s front door.

Despite being in the middle of the yard, Cer probably had the most privacy of the triplets as she squatted down with the tree between her body and the street. It wasn’t big enough to hide her presence completely, but no one walking by would get a view of her nethers. As soon as her pants were out of the way a jet of pee sprayed from between her legs and onto the tree’s roots, splashing into a foaming puddle in the dirt. All three of them were more than happy with what they were doing, their own familiar scents drowning out that dog’s own and claiming this area as rightfully theirs. As three streams of pee sprayed against their targets, three pointed tails wagged back and forth as the demons attached to them let out sighs of relief.

But all good things must come to an end, and their fun was interrupted somewhat dramatically. While they had timed their visit to match when the dog was off on a walk with its owner, the pair must have decided to take a shorter walk than usual. As soon as it caught sight of them, the little terror began barking and straining at its leash. Not one, not two, but three other dogs were marking its territory! This was absolutely unacceptable! While the furball might have lacked size, strength, or particularly large teeth, it also lacked the brains to realize just what a bad idea charging the demons near its home might be.

As the enraged, dog-shaped missile flew towards Cer, she stood up to meet the creature’s charge with a predatory grin on her face. In her eagerness, she’d forgotten to pull up her slacks or even to stop her stream, which continued to spray from between her pale thighs and soak her pants and underwear. Hearing the barking of their enemy and their sister, Ber and Rus both tried to cut their own streams short and rearrange their clothes before they bounded off the porch to her aid. To any human watching what followed, little would be visible but a blur of red and black fabric with three sets of red eyes and flashing white teeth occasionally visible.

###

“...” Cerberus managed to look at least slightly sheepish after telling their story.

The Helltaker could feel a vein throbbing somewhere in his skull. Hopefully Malina would be willing to share some of her stash of vodka later; he could already tell that he was going to need it.

“Right. I’ll go talk to them. Go see if Malina will let you hide in her room for a while.” Bracing himself, he walked towards the door. He’d talked down the rulers of hell, explaining the situation to the police couldn’t be too much worse, could it? Taking one last deep breath to steel his nerves, he opened the door to a pair of slightly bewildered police officers.

“Pancakes?”

###

P.S. If anyone's got suggestions for stories involving their favorite demons, especially Lucifer or Justice, I'd be happy to hear them.

*002*2020-06-26 16:42

{{23 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

I am generally not into non-human desperation but I must say you have a vivid imagination... Keep writing! You're doing great

}}

I'm glad someone likes it. Thanks for mentioning the non-human part too. I'm not sure how inhuman the characters seem in my writing, so here's a reference image, just in case.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/index.php?app=core&module=system&controller=embed&url=https://twitter.com/nwny_psn/status/1267741808836001792" The triplets in the first picture to be specific.

*003*2020-06-29 01:24

New chapter finally, new demon girl. This demon girl in particular. https://twitter.com/vanripperart/status/1259453752274280448

###

After nearly a month of living in the human world, Malina had come to the conclusion that it was a bit of a mixed bag. Life in Hell had its downsides for sure, but it was familiar and she’d been able to spend most of her time alone and undisturbed. Zdrada’s visits had always been infuriating, and now that they shared a house those visits were coming much more frequently. Spending so much time around the Queen of Hell herself was also taking some getting used to, and the triplets had a habit of showing up whenever it was least convenient. The good parts were just so very good though.

Lucifer had her pancakes, Pandemonica had her coffee, and Malina? She had turn-based strategies. There weren’t nearly as many as she’d initially hoped for, but after weeding out the dreck and reskins, she still had a sizable library to work through. On its own that would have been enough to keep her occupied for a good while, but the multiplayer was what had held her attention since she’d discovered it. Most of the players were probably worse than any AI the game could put her up against, but a contest with a truly good opponent was something utterly amazing. She could feel her face heating up just thinking about it.

Unfortunately, multiplayer had one major drawback; while against an AI she could just pause the game and take care of anything that came up unexpectedly, human players tended to be far less understanding. When that combined with her drinking habits it could cause problems, to put it delicately. The plan had been to finish this match as quickly as possible and head for the bathroom to let what she’d had to drink back out, but fate had other plans. The Cerberus triplets had apparently needed a place to hide for a little while and had chosen her room.

“What do those numbers mean?”

“Those demons look all wrong. They aren’t cute enough.”

“Why are you playing as the boring army anyway?”

They weren’t nearly as bad as Zdrada, but having them constantly hanging over her shoulders and asking questions was just delaying the end of the match. It shouldn’t have been this hard to make a push on the enemy’s base, but her focus kept getting pulled away either by the triplets or the pressure in her bladder. She could hear the wooden chair creaking as her legs twisted together and she tried to press herself against it, that little bit of extra pressure vital to keeping everything inside for just a few minutes longer.

Finally, a knock on the door interrupted the three chattering demons.

“Cerberus, are you still in there?” A somewhat concerned Helltaker called through the door. “The cops are gone for now, but you three should probably keep your heads down for a few days.” Finally the overly energetic dog demons were freed to go terrorize someone else, but the damage had already been done. She knew there was no way she’d be able to hold it until the end of the match and could feel the first few drops trying to dribble out.

“O-oi, get over here,” she shouted to the Helltaker. “And close that door.” The triplets weren’t in the habit of leaving things the way they’d found them.

“Sorry about sending them up here, they managed to get in a fight with the neighbor’s dog again-” As he made his way into her darkened room, the Helltaker tried to apologize.

“Didn’t ask, don’t care. Get me that bottle, now,” she bit out, cutting him off mid-sentence and pointing to an empty vodka bottle that had rolled across the floor.

The Sour Demon usually lived up to her name, but she seemed to be in an even worse mood than usual. “Is there something wrong?”

“I’ve got maybe 30 seconds before I piss all over this chair and the floor. Bottle. Now.”

The second the bottle was placed on her desk, she reached down to tear open the gusset of her tights, one hand going back to the mouse as quickly as possible while the other pulled the noticeably damp crotch of her underwear to the side. As she picked the bottle up she could feel a few drops of urine leak out, running across her skin and onto the chair, her bladder clearly unwilling to wait any longer now that it knew relief was at hand. Trying to split her focus between the problems unfolding on the screen in front of her and the one between her legs, the demon did her best to line the narrow mouth of the glass bottle up with the spurts that were coming faster and faster from her nethers. As soon as the cold glass touched her skin, a shiver ran through her body and a stream began spraying against the outside of the bottle, the warm liquid running over her hand and dripping to the floorboards.

“Blessed thing!” She cursed as she tried to adjust the bottle’s position, letting go in earnest as soon as she could see the majority of the stream going down the inside of the bottle. As she relaxed her lower body a jet of urine shot down the narrow neck of the bottle, splashing against the glass bottom and bubbling as it joined the urine she’d already released against her will. As she turned her attention back to the game she could hear the sound of her release gradually shift from the hiss of a stream spraying a hard surface to the splashing of liquid into liquid. For a few blissful seconds, nothing else seemed to matter but the feeling of her pee rushing out into something that almost counted as a toilet.

As she fought the temptation to close her eyes and sigh, the sound changed again to a higher pitched splashing as the liquid level reached the bottle’s neck. That was bad, very bad. She knew that she had more than enough pee left to fill the bottle to the brim, and allowing it to overflow would create the exact kind of mess she was trying to avoid. As she fought to stop her stream she started frantically looking around for anything that could hold the rest of her pee. Her glass? No, it wasn’t nearly big enough and she wouldn’t be able to reach it without either dropping the bottle or shifting in her seat, both roads that would lead to disaster. She did have another bottle close at hand though, the two fingers of vodka left in it hinting at just how things had gotten to this point. In any normal situation she’d be loath to waste that much, but this really was a special case.

Unwilling to leave its task half-done, her bladder wasn’t interested in stopping her stream completely. With significant effort she was barely able to slow it down to a dribble, just as the liquid in the bottle neared the top. Ever so carefully she switched the full bottle out for the mostly empty one, the two different liquids sloshing inside them tempting her to just let go all over the floor. A few agonizing seconds later, the second bottle was in place and she could let her stream start again, the pale yellow of her urine quickly overtaking the clear liquid that had formerly had the bottle all to itself. As the bottle began to warm to the same temperature as the liquid inside it, Malina could finally feel her stream starting to wane as her bladder neared empty. As the source of her tension flowed out of her and she sagged into her chair in relief, something in the corner of her eye caught her attention; a very familiar red shirt over a pair of broad shoulders.

“W-what do you think you’re looking at!? Get out! Out!”

A muffled apology trailed the Helltaker as he hastily left the room.

‘At least he was looking the other way,’ the demon tried to reassure herself. Carefully, she moved the two unpleasantly warm bottles, one full to the brim and the other maybe two-thirds full of a slightly paler liquid, to a spot on her desk where she wouldn’t be able to knock them over accidentally. As she tugged her skirt back into place she couldn’t help but wince at the wet, quickly cooling fabric of her tights and underwear. Everything she was wearing from the waist down would need to be cleaned, maybe burned for good measure, but at least the bare wood of the chair and floor would be easier to clean. For now though, it would have to wait. There was no way in Hell she was going to lose this match after everything she’d just done to avoid forfeiting.

*005*2020-08-03 14:35

{{15 hours ago, The_Letter_M said:

I'm am enjoying this thoroughly, but the lack of updates leave me a bit disappointed

}}

Glad you like it. I do plan on getting back to this story, but there are some other things I was interested in writing first. You might enjoy some of them in the meantime.

*006*2020-11-09 19:07

It took a bit longer than I'd planned on, but I did get back to this. Inspired a bit by the omovember prompt list PPP posted.

###

“You really couldn’t have picked a better time for this trip?” Lucifer, the former CEO of Hell asked, glaring at the line of stopped cars stretching down the highway.

“I guess everyone else thought it was a nice day to visit the beach too,” her driver said with a shrug. “We could have waited for a day that it was raining, but I doubt you’d be happy with that either.”

It was true, she’d demanded to be taken to the beach, just the two of them, and had even picked out her current outfit for it. A reasonably sedate bikini, a pair of shorts borrowed from Justice, and a red top of her own seemed more appropriate for the beach than her usual suit. The triplets had begged to join them, but apparently they were grounded over some incident with the neighbors. Or was there a warrant out for them? It hardly mattered anyway.

“Is that backtalk I hear? Bold words for a mortal.” A smile tugged at her lips as she turned to glance at the Helltaker.

“No ma’am. Wouldn’t dream of it,” he said with a nervous chuckle. “It’ll probably clear up soon. We’ll be there in an hour, tops.”

She wasn’t eager to admit it, but Luci hoped he was right. As she stared out the window, taking a sip of her iced coffee, she tapped her fingers against one bare, tensed thigh. The sooner they got moving, the sooner they’d reach their destination, and the sooner she’d be able to find a bathroom. The human world couldn’t be that dysfunctional, could it?

###

“An hour, huh?” Lucifer’s fingers drummed against the edge of the window, her nails making a rhythmic clack as they struck the metal of the car door.

They had moved in that hour, but no more than half a mile before traffic came to a complete stop again, dashing any hopes of making the promised deadline.

“Uh… well, maybe something else went wrong? Sometimes one crash causes another.” He mentally flailed for some explanation to appease the increasingly irritated demon he was trapped in traffic with.

“It almost seems like it would be faster to get out and walk at this rate,” she muttered, one pale thigh bouncing on top of the other as she crossed her legs. She could see those garish signs humans were so insistent on using to mark the stores along these roads off in the distance, seeming to taunt her with the prospect of relief.

“We’re still far enough away that it would take most of the day to walk. This will clear up eventually, for sure.”

“For your sake, I hope it does.”

###

After another half hour of gridlock, the cars ahead of them finally began moving again, in a halting, stop and start pattern, only advancing a few feet at a time. She could see the exit off in the distance, but who even knew how long it would take to get there at this rate? She had one hand pressed between her legs and against her groin as her eyes searched for any suitable alternative inside the little steel and glass box she was trapped in. ‘Ah, that could work,’ she thought as they settled on her empty coffee cup. She knew it was watertight, and she could hardly pee out more than she’d taken in, so it should be large enough to avoid any problems with overflowing.

The only problem with the plan was the car’s other occupant, sitting with his shoulder barely a foot away from her own. ‘No, no way! He’s two centuries too early to see me like that!’ she thought, a blush rising from her neck, to her cheeks, to the tips of her horns at the thought of him watching her do something so private. She’d rather any of the faceless strangers in the cars boxing them in see her in that situation than have it be him.

She was jolted from her thoughts as the gentle acceleration of the car came to an extremely abrupt halt as a pair of red lights in front of them got worryingly close. Even as the car stopped, the demoness’ momentum carried her forward, pressing her weight against the locked seatbelt holding her in place, a seatbelt that inconveniently ran directly across the bulge of her bladder protruding slightly from her otherwise flat stomach. The surge of pressure rapidly built and sent a spurt of hot liquid rushing from between her legs and into her shorts and swimsuit.

“Are you doing that intentionally or are you just incompetent?” she yelled, audible even over the car’s horn, the words coming easily after her years of running Hell.

“Sorry, sorry, just didn’t have a lot of room to stop there,” he replied sheepishly.

Luci barely noticed his words and wasn’t in any position to respond to them, her full attention devoted to stopping the leak that had become a dribble and was now threatening to soak her swimsuit miles from any body of water. She mostly managed to stop it, but not as completely as she would have preferred. Even with both hands squeezed between her thighs, a few drops of warm urine were still soaking through the fabric and reaching her hands. It felt shameful to admit her lack of control, but making it to the humans’ preferred bathrooms simply wasn’t an option anymore. “Pull over,” she barked.

“What was that?” he asked, barely hearing her over the sound of the other drivers honking their horns in frustration.

“If you want to live to see the next hour, stop the car and pull over,” she said through gritted teeth. “Right now.”

As he hurried to obey, she carefully removed one hand from between her legs to make preparations for what was about to happen, unhooking the seat belt that seemed to be the cause of all her current problems and fumbling with the buttons of her shorts. As soon as she felt the car lurch to a stop, the demoness threw open the door and practically leapt out into the hot sun. Recognizing the futility of trying to get them off one-handed, she used both to unbutton and unzip her shorts, feeling a stream slowly pick up and soak into the fabric between her legs without the pressure to stem the flow. As she tugged down her shorts and swimsuit to her knees, she could see that she was just a bit too late. Yellow streams were snaking down her pale thighs and there was a pronounced wet patch between the legs of her clothes.

Those first dribbles were soon dwarfed by the spray of urine that poured from her gates of Hell the very second she’d deemed her clothes out of the way, arcing through the air before spattering onto the road in front of her. She was well past the point where she would have bothered to aim and simply trusted that the immense pressure inside her body would carry the stream far enough to keep her clothes dry. ‘Mostly dry, at least,’ she mentally corrected herself, glancing down at the torrent splashing into the foaming puddle on the asphalt in front of her. She could almost feel the dozens of eyes from the other drivers, staring at the unexpected sight of what must look like some girl in a costume pissing on the side of the road. Let the insects stare, there was only one person anywhere nearby whose opinion she cared about at all.

The Helltaker in question really had tried to give her some privacy, but had to admit even he was surprised at her boldness. He’d expected the demoness to open both doors and squat between them, but he had to admit that standing completely in the open was fitting somehow for the ruler of Hell itself. Well, bold or not, he was sure that some sort of punishment would be coming if she caught him staring at her pale, toned rear, and busied himself digging around in their bags for a towel to keep the passenger seat dry once the river rushing out of her finally ran its course.

Placing a hand on her stomach, Luci could just barely feel the small bulge in her abdomen deflating as she emptied herself, the loud hissing that accompanied her release quieting as she neared empty. As the torrent dwindled to a trickle falling into her shorts before finally stopping, she let out a deep sigh before taking stock of her situation.

“If I were wearing much of anything else it would probably be ruined,” she muttered, tugging at the lower half of her two-piece swimsuit, thankful that it was meant to get wet. ‘Silver linings,’ she thought as she climbed back into the car, barely noting the towel on the seat as the Helltaker tried to say something, probably a groveling apology.

“Not. A. Word,” she hissed, a blush rising on her cheeks. “And I’ll be planning our stops on any of these trips in the future.”

*008*2020-11-10 19:51

I appreciate the comment, all three probably isn't happening though. The tentative plan for this was one story for each of the demons, so the Judgement idea might be in the cards eventually.

