High School track desperation

Author: nakasette

*000*2016-03-15 00:13

Totally fictional story, just a quick one that I kind of entertained on a whim, semi-based off of true circumstances. Dear goodness I had a lot of trouble even getting this started, if there are multiple postings I am sorry,

I had been in training for a while trying to get myself into shape, this involved big changes in diet and daily exercise, and one of the biggest changes that came about from this was the amount of water I had to drink in a day. I used to fill a gallon milk jug every morning and would finish it before bedtime. And of course with that much liquid going in, it reflected in how much I put out, and how long it took to get it all out. I've always had a rather large bladder, but a much shyer one, at least from what I could tell judging from the other people I hung around. I never used the toilets at school, heck I barely knew what the bathrooms looked like. I never had a problem going pretty much a whole day without using the bathroom until before bed.

On long bus rides I would watch as people scrambled for the toilets after riding for a few hours and not feel like I had to go at all. And even car trips with a bunch of guys occasionally they'd all stop and get out and go to their respective corners of the vehicle and piss brazenly outside while I waited around, I could never bring myself to take my dick out in public like that, much less have a pee. They never took very long either, 15-30 seconds if they were desperate, whereas I could and usually did pee for close to a minute once I got started, I always imagined everyone zipping up and getting ready to get back in the car while I'm still going and going. The scenarios in my mind alone got me good at holding.

After I started this gallon jug a day routine, I finally really experienced the feeling of not being able to hold on, and my evening pees lasted up to two minutes or more and really felt amazing. It was around that time i started experimenting with my capacity. Even going as far as teasing myself standing in front of a toilet with my penis out, forcing myself to hold on as my bladder begged for release, until I really couldn't hold any longer and the urine forced itself down and out into the waiting waters below. Then, I grew bolder still and sometimes I would go for a jog down at a local high school track in the evening, and after a few laps of feeling the pee sloshing around inside me, when I felt I could take it no more I would run up and hide under the bleachers to let it out. It was summer and there were no kids there, and usually late at night no people at all either.

And because I'm a creep and had a stopwatch that I timed my laps with, I could time how long I pissed for. Day after day I watched as drinking more of the gallon jug during the day would increase my urination by a few seconds each time, climbing to 2 and 2.5 minutes non-stop. The relief was intoxicating. Now, if there were people around, I would cut the running short and drinking short and head back home just to prevent quite literally getting "caught with my pants down". Although I did develop a fascination wondering what would ever happen should I get caught, I surely wouldn't be able to stop the stream once it got going, and given my past record of shy bladdered-ness I pushed these thoughts away as unhealthy.

One day after getting to the track later than usual as the sun was setting, I figured this would be a fine day to go ahead and drink up all the remaining water in the jug and get to running, maybe I could even break my record for a pee break while I was at it.. Everything went as normal and as I nearing my fourth lap, I was concentrating hard on keeping the flood at bay, and due to my pressing need I managed to stumble a bit on a stray rock along the track and twist one of my ankles.

The pain was pretty bad and was rather detrimental to walking, luckily I was in front of the bleachers and there was a set of steps nearby that I was able to hobble over to and sit down on while my ankle rested. Unfortunately, I still really needed to pee, but with my ankle hurt the way it was I wasn't really able to stand up and take care of it. I sat desperately trying to think of a way to get myself under the bleachers but after trying to stand for just a moment bracing myself on the hand railing of the stairs I realized that wasn't going to happen anytime soon, about that time I felt my hold start to loosen as urine began to work down my shaft.

I clutched at my penis through my basketball shorts and sat myself back down looking as the place where the head was grew a little darker with liquid. I had finally reached my limit, all the water and jostling of my bladder was too much for me to take. It was then that i looked down in front of me, the steps themselves led down into dry dirt before the track started. I figured it could use the watering and would dry up before it could be discovered by anyone, so I let go of my dick and quickly pulled up the left leg of my shorts and boxers allowing it to flop down and unleash a thick gush of urine.

Pee shot out in front of me a few feet and so I aimed it down a bit more so that it was going into the dirt right in front of me, I underestimated how much I was letting out and the dry dirt soon formed a puddle that was growing by the second filling the air with splashing not unlike that of a downpour of rain on the waiting earth, it was pelting the ground with such force that my legs were both getting some back spray off the ground. The release was better than any I'd had before, I shut my eyes and sighed as I focused on feeling my bladder slowly deflate. No more than ten seconds in, I heard something that shocked my right to my core.

"Uhm, are you okay? I was just coming down to do some jogging when I saw you trip and hobble over here... uh... oh..."

Caught. I'd been caught. And judging by the voice a girl no less. She's going to call the police, I'm going to jail, I'm going to be a sex offender. Rampant thoughts ran through my mind as my bladder voided it's contents endlessly on the ground. I craned my neck around to see my would be captor, a thin girl with hair tied into a pony tail in the back, she had a small white tank top on and green short shorts as she stood with her hand covering her mouth upon realizing what I was doing

"I'm sorry! I just had a lot to drink and I couldn't hold it anymore, please don't have me arrested!" I pleaded as still my stream hit the ground below.

"Oh, it's you..." she said as she approached me "I've seen you under the bleachers before." She was now around in front of me, I tried to cover myself with both my hands as the pee drained on. "So this is what it looks like up close, it's bigger than I thought"

I didn't understand, I always checked to see if there were any cars or anything around before I'd gone to the bathroom. She's seen me before? It's bigger than she thought? While I pondered if I should take that as a compliment, I noticed her tense her legs together tightly as she eye'd my still going dick.

"What are you talking about?" I asked puzzled.

"Well, I usually come here really late to run after I get off work. I live close by so I usually just walk here, and usually by the time I get here I've seen you dash up under the bleachers here, and after seeing that a few times I got curious what was going on, so I'd sneak around to the side so I could see what you were doing under here. At first I was like "oh he's just peeing" but then I saw just how much of an endeavor it was for you, I'd never seen a boy "going" before and I kind of wanted to sneak up surprise you a few times, but I couldn't think of anything to say and didn't really want to scare you and you stop coming here, so I just settled for watching in the wings." Again I noticed her legs fidgeting slightly as she pushed her toned thighs together.

"So, you've been watching this whole time?" I said aghast that someone had been watching me all this time and I had no idea.

"I guess so, it's kinda been my thing that I've kept hidden all my life, a fascination with peeing, and sometimes," she winced, "after you leave I have a nice long leak myself. The bathrooms at work are disgusting so I usually wait til I get home, until I saw you here, I've kept holding and see if I can make it to pee outside here." She crossed one leg and grabbed her crotch. "In fact, sometimes it's all I can do to wait for you to finish and leave before I come over and pee, so if you'd hurry up and finish anytime now that would be great, cause as it is, I really, really, gotta go." She bent over slightly at the waist and held herself tighter.

I couldn't believe what I was seeing or hearing, here a beautiful girl secretly watching me piss on a daily basis, bursting with pee herself as she waited for my ever voiding bladder to finish it's long awaited pee.

"I-I'm sorry, I'll try to hurry it up." I said as I clenched down and forced out even more pee with much force.

"Oh hurry, gotta go, gotta go, gotta go!" She said as she bounced up and down, I watched as her small breasts bounced lightly in her shirt.

Finally after about 20 more seconds my stream slowed to a trickle and then a few drops and finally nothing, I gave one last push to force the last bit out which weakly splashed down into the puddle.

"Done? Oh thank goodness!" She said as she pulled her pants and underwear down in one motion and squatted right in front of me and let out a sigh as her own stream splashed into the puddle below.

"Whew, I really didn't have much more time there, I've been holding this all day, and you weren't exactly helping either." She sighed again and grasped her knees a little more as she relaxed even further and her piss picked up in force.

"My apologies at hogging the toilet" I said jokingly as I adjusted my shorts back to cover my dick, which as I watched her there, pee streaming heavily into the puddle that I created, breasts lightly pushed together creating just a bit of cleavage, and her slightly flushed look of relief it was becoming increasingly difficult to fit it back into my underwear.

"Oh my, it gets even bigger still?" She said as she was once again looking right at my penis.

"Only when there's a gorgeous girl wetting like there's no tomorrow in front of me." I responded, taking the opportunity to check out where she was peeing from as well"

"Hey, no peeking, well, maybe just a little, it's only fair I suppose." She said as she spread her legs just a bit more giving me more of a view of the waterfall of urine pouring out of her.

After what felt like ages her stream finally started to trickle down to nothing but a few drops, she too forced the last bit out and shook herself slightly to dry and with that she pulled her pants back up.

"Well, that was some introduction." I said, "My name is Nakasette."

"Sara." She said with a smile.

"I think I've got some other things to take care of, I looked down slightly at the bulge in my pants, and I still don't think I'm in any shape for walking just yet."

"I think I can help with both of those things..." She stated as she extended a hand down to help me up, I grabbed hold and pulled myself up with my other hand on the railing, and carefully stepped over the massive puddle as I leaned on her slightly to support me as we walked away towards my car.

The End

*002*2016-03-15 02:46

Fixed it.

*004*2016-07-24 08:30

Well, time for me to be pathetic. This is a warning about the next part of this story, I kind of had to follow up what I set up previously, which implied sex... or as I've written it, a blowjob. I've never had a blowjob let alone sex. I don't know what it's like, so if this seems super awkward it's because I literally don't know what I'm talking about. So, here is a sequel I never intended to write.

As we made out way over to my car I noticed the pain in my ankle wasn't subsiding, and I was a bit concerned how I was going to drive home at this rate. I had a 5 speed and I didn't think I could work the clutch with the condition I was in. I grabbed on to the car, letting go of her support and once i had adjusted again, I opened the drivers door and fell more than sat down into the seat. Sara leaned down and peered into the car.

"Are you going to be able to make it back like that?" she asked

"Well, that's what I'm looking to find out now." I replied as I put my foot on the pedal and tried to apply pressure, pain shot through me and I quickly realized i wasn't going anywhere for a while yet.

"Ah, no, I don't think this is possible." I said with a bit of strain in my voice.

"That's alright, I've got a back-up plan." Sara stated as she pulled out her cell phone. She walked a few paces away and I could just barely pick up the conversation, it seemed the other person on the line was taking some convincing to do whatever it was she wanted them to. I looked down at my pants and thankfully my erection was slowly starting to droop. The wet spot from my earlier unintentional release was also fading, I did notice an odd sensation at this time though, somehow, seemingly impossibly, i felt pressure in my bladder. How could this be? I had just pissed for all I was worth, hadn't I? I thought back to my release, I realized it hadn't gone on nearly long enough for me to be empty, probably a little over 30 seconds, if I had truly voided myself, this girl would probably be sitting here with a dripping set of shorts, judging by how quickly she had started going just as she pulled her shorts down she was clearly at her limit.

After replaying the event in my head I realized I must have had what is known as a "Bladder Spasm", where your body truly can't hang on anymore and has to let go to avoid damaging itself. Unfortunately, I must have just gone enough to take the edge off, but was still sitting with a close to full bladder. It was still manageable for now, I was used to holding after all. What I wasn't used to was being seen by a girl taking a leak, and even though she had shown me herself unleashing a torrent of urine, I didn't really want to repeat the incident so soon. I looked down at my shorts once more, and, stimulated by my mental shows, my member had returned to rock hardness. Almost on queue Sara returned hanging up her phone as she started walking back. I tried desperately to force my dick back down so she wouldn't notice.

"Good news, it took some convincing but my sister is going to swing by after work and pick us up here, she works later than I do at an office building in town, so she should be here in about a half hour. Plenty of time to tend to... things..." She said with a smirk as she looked down at the outline of my erect penis through my shorts. I turned as red as possible, I hadn't had any experience with women, and was shy for my age I suppose. She walked around the car, opened the passenger door and climbed in shutting the door behind her, I followed suite and shut my door as well.

"I'm impressed, I've been with a lot of guys, but you're stamina is up there... Can I look at it now?" she leaned over and pulled the leg of my shorts all the way back and revealed my cock. I was sweating profusely as she stared at it, I didn't know what to do or say all I could do was sit in stunned silence as she reached a hand out to touch it. as her fingers wrapped around it twitched in her grasp, she giggled, then looked up at me.

"Is this your first time? Don't worry, I'll be gentle, I don't want to sound like a slut but I've got a lot of experience here." She slog hwly began working her hand up and down my shaft and i watched as one of her hands disappeared into her own shorts. She then tilted the head of my dick toward her mouth and slowly let her lips envelope it. I was floored, nothing had ever felt this way before, I looked as her hand started moving rapidly in her pants and her head bobbed in rhythm, I could do nothing as moments passed without conscious thought on my side until I felt something welling up inside me, I barely had enough time to choke out a warning before it was too late. Seeming to know what was happening she pulled her head back as I came as hard as I ever had, she looked surprised as she pulled back further and all the way off my exposed dick. It shone with her saliva in the fast dwindling daylight, I looked at her as she sat up and swallowed lightly.

"Well, that didn't take long, you sure came a lot too, do you not masturbate or something?" she said wiping her mouth with her free arm. I couldn't even speak, nothing on my entire person worked, all I could do was look at her flushed face as I tried to come up with something to say. I noticed she still had her hand moving down below.

" I... that... I... amazing..." was all I could finally bring myself to say.

"Glad you liked it, now give me a minute, I'm nearly there myself..." She said as she closed her eyes and started moving her hand more vigorously, her breathing became heavy, small moans and gasps escaped her lips and then, finally, she convulsed and slowly stopped moving her hand as she finally got ever the edge of her orgasm. Even though I just came I was rock hard after watching this performance.

"Hah... hah... that was good... I needed that like the pee I had." she said as she threw her head back still regulating her breathing.

"Although it doesn't seem like I've helped you at all you're really something you know that? Most guys go limp afterwards" she giggle as she looked down at my erect dick.

"Better hurry and think of something else, my sister should be here soon, and I doubt you want her to see that tower you've got there." I looked down again.

"Easy for you to say." I thought.

"You can hang out at my house til your ankle improves, and boy do I need a shower." she said looking down at herself, she was glistening with sweat.

"Thanks, I really appreciate it." I was finally able to put a sentence together.

After that we talked about all sorts of things, where we were from, how long we'd been there, what we did, everything, finally with casual conversation I went back to regular size, as the sun finally set all the way down in the sky and darkness crept in, unfortunately my bladder was again catching up to me and I knew it wouldn't be long til I had to let more out again. It wasn't long til we saw a car turn in to the parking lot and Sara got out to flag her down. She came around to my side again and helped me out and over into the passenger seat of her sisters car. As she opened the door to get in I got a good look at her as Sara introduced me. She was a very mature looking lady, hair up in a bun, a nice business attire on that still managed to accentuate an ample bust line, going down into a dark black knee length skirt, while the car was in park she had her legs pursed together tightly I noticed.

"Oh, hello there, Nakasette was it? I'm Sara's sister Lara. We live close by so we should be home soon, honestly I'm sure you could have walked if not for your injury." She said with clear concern on her face as her brow scrunched up a bit unnaturally.

"Uh, yes, thanks so much, It was a dumb mistake of mine." I choked out a response as I shifted to put my foot in a good location

"it's ok, these things happen, hurry UP Sara!" she yelled out the door, Sara hastily shut my door and jumped into the back.

"Alright already, no need to yell" Sara said a bit tersely back to her. Wasting no time Lara put the car in gear and we were headed out of the lot and down the street, about 30 seconds later we were in front of a small house, looked to be 2 or 3 bedroom, an old slopped roof like you'd see on a farm I suppose. As soon as we pulled in Sara got out to help me in when Lara's phone started ringing.

"Oh what could it be now? go ahead in without me, I have to take this." she stated pulling out her phone and crossing one leg over the other in her seat while she spoke with the other person on the line. Sara and I walked steadily up to the front door and in to the small hallway inside, with a flick of a switch lights sprang to life on the walls and Sara led me into the living room with a big couch placed squarely in the back facing a modest sized TV.

"This should be a good start, hang around a bit, I'm going to hop in the shower, It's just my sister and I here so you won't be bothering anything, and after she's gone to sleep we can... work on a few other things together..." she said with a mischievous look on her face. This girl was unbelievable. I listened as her footsteps grew softer as she moved away and I heard the opening and closing of a door somewhere else down that hall. I turned on the TV and sat there not really interested in anything on screen, I was much more concerned with figuring a discreet way to relieve myself. A few moments later Lara finally came in, I heard her shuffling around kicking off shoes and such as she started past the living room, she had let her hair down and I now saw it was rather long around her shoulders, not knowing what to do I shot up.

"Uh, sorry to intrude like this, I feel kind of awkward just being invited in like this." I said apologetically.

"Oh it's fine, we don't really have much company, by the way, where is Sara? Did she just leave you hear?" she asked looking around as if to find her somewhere in the spacious room.

"I think she went off to take a shower or something?" I said recounting what she told me, at that moment as if to confirm my story what sounded like a shower came on down the hall and caught Lara's attention.

"She's taking a shower NOW of all times? Lara said as she tensed up her legs again. Looking at that moment a lot like Sara had at the track. She disappeared from my sight as I faintly heard her also proceed down the hall and knock on a door somewhere.

"Sara!, let me in!" she yelled down the hall.

"Hang on a bit, I won't be long!" Sara yelled back. Defeated, I listened as Lara appeared in the entrance to the living room again a bead of sweat on her forehead and hands between her legs.

Even though I knew full well what was going on from all the clues she'd been giving, I still felt it necessary to ask.

"Are you alright?" I said somewhat softly.

"I... I'm fine, I'm sorry you had to see me like this. I'm just in terrible need of a ladies room at the moment. I haven't been since this morning and all the meetings and coffee I've had has caught up to me. I originally intended to dash right home and go, but Sara insisted and now she's gone and hogged our only bathroom." She said pained as she sat down on another chair, still holding herself and crossing her legs, her arms pushing her breasts together making them look even bigger.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to delay your need like this." I said meekly. I was surprised, these sisters were so open about their needs, was this the way they were raised?

"It's ok, this isn't your fault, I've kind of got a reputation at work as having an iron bladder, so much so that I never use the toilets at the office... Well, except one time, I was running late and had to skip my morning pee, by the time noon rolled around I couldn't take it anymore, as soon as we were dismissed for lunch I ran to the toilets and just barely made it. Oh, I've got to stop talking about peeing, this is worse than that time by far, hurry Sara!" she said bouncing up and down on her seat. I myself was getting to be in bad shape, I would have to go soon, I finally resorted to squeezing my own legs together to try and ease the pressure, but it wasn't doing a whole lot for me, the erection I was starting to get however was at the very least, I crossed my legs to hide it from her view. Finally the water came to an abrupt stop, Lara bolted from her seat and practically ran down the hall.

I managed to limp a bit of the way to the hallway myself just in time to see Lara rush past Sara with a towel wrapped around her midsection and another towel on her head, into a door at the end of the hall. I looked further in and right there sat a toilet which Lara wasted no time in turning around ripping her pants down and plopping herself onto, almost instantly a loud hiss started and the sound of water on water filled the open air as her piss thundered into the waiting waters below. She looked to be in ecstasy as she threw her head back groaned and slouched back on the toilet spreading her legs just a bit in the process, had I been closer I'm sure I could have seen everything, just then she looked back at ground level and saw Sara standing there wide eyed watching her release and me further down the hall.

"SARA WHAT ARE YOU DOING! SHUT THE DOOR NOW!" She screamed over the torrent of piss she was letting out, Sara hastily obliged and shut the door muting but not totally drowning out the sound of her pee.

"Wow, it's been a while since I've seen her that desperate, she should be there a while, I'm good though, I let a little out in the shower." She said as she walked down the hall towards me. I on the other hand had just about hit my limit again. I had one hand around my dick to keep it from spraying out on the floor where I stood and another hand on the wall to brace myself.

"This is kind of hard for me to say, but..." I started to say.

"You need to pee?" Sara cut me off. "I thought you finished a lot sooner than you should have, you usually last a little over a minute." What was she doing, timing me?

"Yeah, I thought I finished before, it stopped coming out at least, but on the way back to the car I felt I still wasn't empty." I said feeling dumb for even saying it.

"I have a plan, that human fire hydrant in there is going to be a bit yet, trust me, she can hold a lot, one time when she missed her morning pee..." Sara started

"I think I've been over that part." It was my turn to cut her off. Meanwhile Lara's pee continued unabated on the other side of the door. I winced as she moaned in relief again, "What was your plan now?"

"Follow me up the stairs here." She said as she took my hand and led me to stairs that led to the second floor.

"You expect me to climb stairs? I don't think I can." I said looking up at them

"Well you gotta go don't you? I've got a great spot just up here to let it all out. Come on, it'll feel great." she said coaxing me on up the stairs. It wasn't as bad as I thought, the railings actually made it pretty easy, I could feel the pent up urine sloshing around inside me now though, this was by far one of my longest holds. After what seemed like hundreds of stairs we were finally at the top.

"Come on, my rooms this way." she opened a door on the left and walked in still clad in her towels. She hit the lights revealing a rather average looking room, stuffed animals lined her bed as I limped in. She walked over to her back wall and opened the window there, by my geography this was facing the back of the house.

"Well, here you go, your urinal awaits" she said as she presented the open window to me, a cool breeze blew in around me.

"You want me to piss out the window?" I asked bewildered.

"Do you know of any other toilets we can make use of? out back there is nothing but woods, even if someone did look all they're going to see is a jet coming out the window here, I used to hang myself out the window and let loose if my sister was in the bathroom." She said invitingly, I looked at the open window, my bladder begging for release we must have been right over the bathroom because I could STILL here Lara's babbling brook down below. That was it, I couldn't wait any longer, I hobbled over to the window, fished my penis out of my shorts, aimed out the window and finally, finally let go. Pee gushed out like a fire hose, it was all I could do to balance on one leg while I directed the flow out the window, I could hear the water finally making it's way to the soil down below, it was much louder than I imagined. I just kept pissing non stop, it was the best release I'd had yet.

"Ohhhhh..." I sighed as my pee continued pouring out. I was still kind of balancing on one leg and was having a bit of difficulty keeping my balance, when I seemed to be teetering Sara came up and supported me under my shoulder like she had when we were walking. I could tell she was looking at my dick but I no longer cared, it was just so good to finally pee.

"Do you mind if I have a go?" Sara asked as she looked up at me.

"Er, have a go with what now?" I asked looking down at her. Just then she grabbed my dick out of my hand and started to play with my stream of pee.

"Whee! This is fun!" she said as she pulled my penis left and right and swirled around in circles, watching the shapes she'd made fall to the ground, she then tried to pull it up to make an arc even higher into the air, I gave a push to make it go higher, then unexpectedly she just let go and my cock flopped down soaking the area below the window and pooling on the floor.

"ACK! I'm sorry! I said as I tried to stop, to no avail, I quickly pulled it back up and resumed proper flow out the window." I said as I looked at how just the few seconds of release in the wrong direction had made a puddle on the floor.

"I just wanted to see what would happen, don't stop now, that's still quite the waterfall you've got going on there, besides, that's why I have these." she said as she took the towel off her midsection and began to wipe the floor with it, fully exposing her naked body in the process. My eyes were glued to her as she revealed her petite breasts to me round and perky with pink nipples that appeared larger when not confined to a bra or towel, then she bent down to clean the floor, giving me a full view of her ass as well. Just then we heard a toilet flush down below, it seemed Lara had finally emptied herself, and was heading up the stairs as I still kept peeing.

"Sara? It sounds like it started raining outside, did you put my windows up?" She called as her feet plodded up the stairs. Sara, having nothing to cover herself with, hastily took the towel soaked in my piss and wrapped it back around her body again. Lara finally made it to the top of the stairs and looked over to see me still going like there was no tomorrow.

"This is all your fault Lara, our poor guest here just had to go pee and you went and laid claim to the bathroom for so long this was our only option." Sara said defending my impromptu semi public urination.

"My fault? you're the one who just had to take a shower when I had to take the worst piss of my life, I bet you even peed in the shower didn't you? She accused

"Well, maybe a little bit, I just can't help it with all that rushing water all over me, I let most of it out at the track where I met Nakasette, he even stopped when he still had to go to let me have a turn." she said as she turned back to look at me, "Right?"

"That's, I, can I just finish what I'm doing here?" I said over the spray Lara had mistaken for a rain fall.

"You really must have been full, well, I can't argue the feeling of a long held pee, I'm going to bed, goodnight you two. Lara said as she turned towards her room, looked back over her shoulder at me once more, then finally went into her room and closed her door.

"Brrr, I thought she'd never leave." Sara removed the wet towel that she'd covered up in and went over to her night stand to get some underwear, every chance I got I took in more of her body, as she pulled her underwear gently up over her hips, hiding her most private parts. I just wanted to stop at this point. Just how many minutes had it been? I must be close to five now, this was my record pee, suddenly, I felt my pressure in my bladder deflating, truly deflating, I had done it, I was finally empty, I was weak in the knees at this point and I collapsed onto the bed that was a few feet from me. I closed my eyes, then opened them again to Sara standing over me, still topless, her boobs jiggling every time she moved.

"All better now?" she asked.

"Like you wouldn't believe." I said, closing my eyes again.

"Well hey, your pee made me all cold, now it's up to you to warm me up." Sara said as she snuggled into the bed, I happily obliged and worked my way up into the bed as well. I couldn't believe it, everything had changed for me, I had a person to talk to, I had so many experiences, I could scarcely believe I was alive, after all was said and done, I closed my eyes and fell into sleep with Sara at my side.

The End, again.

Also, I didn't really go back through and edit this, I'll do it later maybe. I don't know.

*008*2016-12-06 01:38

I awoke the next morning slowly to an alarm going off, after i blinked my eyes a few times I realized this was not my bed. I sat up quickly and looked around as my memory started to piece itself back together.

"Right, this is Sara's room... this really happened..." I said in slight disbelief at the evening I'd had prior.

I then realized I was all alone in her room, I fiddled with the clock at her bedside until i'd silenced it. I looked around and got up out of the bed and noticed a paper on her dresser. On closer inspection it was a note left by Sara, it read:

"Good morning! At least it should be if you woke up to my alarm. I had to go to work early today so I left about an hour ago, you slept straight through that alarm so I figured you were exhausted. You can do whatever you want, my sister should be there all day so if you need anything feel free to ask her. I'll see you later."

So that's what happened to her. I looked back at the clock blinking next her bed, it appeared to be 10 in the morning. I remember seeing it before we fell asleep and it showed 10:02pm then... Had I really slept for 12 hours straight? Just then I felt a twinge in my bladder which felt rather full despite me drinking nothing since my leak just before bed, almost confirming the time gap.

"Well, at least my ankle doesn't hurt nearly as much, I can walk with little discomfort, I should probably make my way to the toilet." I thought to myself. As i walked to her door.

I slowly plodded my way down the stairs and just as I was approaching the bottom I heard clinking and the sound of running water, curious I walked down the hall a bit in search of the noise when I found the entrance way to the small space they had devoted to a kitchen. I quickly dodged back into the hall from the site I was greeted with. Lara was in front of the sink, which luckily for me faced away from the hallway, I say because all she was wearing was a loose white spaghetti strap shirt (blouse? i don't know women's clothing...) and a pair of white panties. I peeked my head around the corner as I was about to let her know I was there when her movements caught my eye.

I stood and watched her for a bit as she picked up dishes one at a time a cleaned them to be put into a pile, she had her legs crossed and was wiggling around bouncing her rear every which way as if she was clearly bursting for a pee. Every time she turned off the faucet her movements would relax although it was still apparent that she needed a break, and each time the water started again she squeezed her legs tighter and wiggled even more furiously as she tried to finish her task.

Watching her nearly naked like this I saw that she was pretty much bigger then Sara in every way, and some ways more so than others, every now and then when she turned I could see her breasts jiggling much more pronounced than Sara's had, it didn't look like she had a bra one either. I was starting to feel the pressure building too, whenever the sink was running I almost had to clasp my penis shut to stem the flood. I knew I should just tell her I was here and then stop over at the bathroom, but I was hypnotized by her display here.

Finally she took the last plate I could see and put it into the pile of dishes as she turned the faucet off one last time, just then she clasped one hand into her crotch and bent over again, then slowly she raised herself up and reached for an empty vase that was on the other side of the counter with an odd oval shaped mouth, she stood upright and took the vase in one hand as she lowered it to her girlhood and pulled her panties away with the other hand. Everything in my head was screaming as I leaned a bit more from my hiding place, a bit too much of a lean actually as I felt myself loosing my balance and I had to catch myself. With no alternative I half tripped half caught myself stumbling into the kitchen, as my foot hit the floor with a loud thud. Instantly Lara jumped to look at me as she let go her panties with the one hand and quickly hid the vase behind her back.

"Nakasette!" she yelled her voice high pitched, "What are you still doing here? I thought Sara said she was taking you home!?" she said as she crossed her legs again, setting the vase down behind her discretely, as she fixed her panties with the other hand, she definitely wasn't wearing a bra...

"I'm sorry, I uh, just woke up and heard some noises down here. So I figured I'd check it out." I lied as I tried to avert my gaze, she definitely wasn't trying to hide that she wasn't wearing a bra......

"Well, you caught me, no use hiding it. This is what I do when I have the place to myself. I like to skip my morning piss and hold it as long as I can to see how many times I can fill this vase." She said as she took the vase from behind her back, it wasn't very big at all, maybe 12 oz in capacity. "Go ahead call me a freak or whatever..." she said as her voice trailed off, she looked really sad like she was judging herself more than I was.

"Truth be told, I like that sort of thing too." I said before I realized. "I drink a ton of water and tease myself too. So if you're a freak I'm an even bigger one. Besides, right now it looks like you're going to wet yourself, and that vase looks pretty inviting. I wouldn't mind a turn after you're done, I haven't gone in hours." I told her as i pulled up my shirt to show the bulge of my bladder.

She looked at me with teary eyes, "You really mean it?" she asked, I wasn't sure if the tears where emotional or from the strain of holding herself this long.

"I... I do... Though I've never really told anyone before" I admitted to her.

"Oh, I would hug you if I could walk over there. I don't think I can take another step without losing it though..." she winced.

"Well? What are you waiting for, I think we'll compete to see who can fill it the most. Ladies first." I said gesturing towards her.

That was all the more permission she needed she uncrossed her legs and pulled away her panties, piss immediately shot out missing the opening as she thrust the vase into her crotch. All at once she breathed a huge sigh of relief as she filled the container with a thunderous torrent of pee.

"Haaaahnn... That... feels... so... good..." she breathed as the flood left her.

"So. What do you do when it's full?" I asked over the sound of her spray. Clutching my dick as I kept holding my own waters at bay.

"That's... the tricky part..." she said watching the vase as it drew ever closer to the brim.

Just as it was about full she stopped her flow, well, slowed to a few drips and dumped the vase into the sink, quickly she returned it to it's position under her pee hole and let loose again.

"Rinse, and... haaa... repeat..." She exhaled as she just kept on going.

"So I see. What's your record?" I said gazing at the speed at which it filled.

"3 and a half fills, but I've never held in this much before. You sure you're going to be ok waiting for me to finish? It looks like you're about to loose it." She said feigning concern with a smile creeping up her face between her moans of pleasure.

"I'll manage, I can hold at least as much as you." I said my voice straining just a bit as I reached into my pants to grab my dick.

"Oh, we'll see about that." she said as the vase just about reached it's brim before she stopped again and dumped the vase only this time when she returned it to between her thighs she didn't start peeing again, she just held it there as the drops slowly accumulated at the bottom.

I fought to contain myself, i stood there waiting for her to start again, all the while squeezing my dick tighter.

"Is everything ok?" she said acting confident although still fairly desperate.

"Aren't you... forgetting something?" I groaned.

"Oh my, your right. How silly of me." she smirked as her hold visibly began to crumble and drops turned into trickle turned into stream. "Whew, that's better, what's wrong? Cat got your dick? I thought you were a man, you've got your own little pre-attached hose right? Come on over and let it go in the sink." She said clearly playing with me.

This was a battle of pride at this point. I was going to fill that thing more times than she would no matter what.

"I'll keep holding, how else am I going to beat you?" I said with renewed vigor, waiting as the vase filled ever more.

"Take out your dick." she said like it was normal.

"...eh? uh, why for?" I said dumbstruck.

"Take it out, I want to see if you lose even a drop, you've been staring at my boobs and pussy this whole time too, fair is fair." she said as the vase was fast approaching fill number 3.

"Well, you've got me there." I said as i lowered my shorts and pulled my penis up out of them, one hand still firmly clasped around it. Even the hardon I had wasn't going to keep this flood from coming out by itself.

She dumped the vase out once more and put it back between her legs.

"I know I've got at least one more." she said as she started to blast the vase inside, then she stopped again, then blasted again, started, stopped, started, stopped. "Well what do you think? I've got a lot of control for a woman right? I wonder..." she started again "how much..." she stopped "you have..." she started again moaning once more.

Every blast brought me closer to the edge, I'm sure she could see my penis twitch when she began and ceased, a few drips had already made their way to the end and fell quietly to the floor.

"Are you gonna pee? do you gotta go pee-pee?" She said playfully, watching me squirm as the liquid approached the brim again. "Wow, four times. A new record!" she said as she slowly poured the vase into the sink.

"Come on, hurry up! Yes I have to go!" I yelled falling into her trap.

She placed the vase up to her lips but she didn't start peeing again "Say you have to go potty." she demanded.

"I what?" I said as tears clouded my eyes.

"Say you have to go potty and I'll finish." she said firmly

"Fine I have to go potty! I have to go pee-pee, I need to whiz, tinkle, leak, are you happy now?" I stammered practically jumping in place.

"Very good." she said as she started gushing into the glass.

I watched as it hit nearly the quarter mark when her stream finally started to slow. and then a trickle, then only a couple drops left her as she finally set the vase up on the counter and sighed again in relief.

"4 and a quarter, well, maybe a third, hah. That was great." she said as she emptied it one last time. She walked over and handed me the container. "It's all yours, you earned it."

I wasted no time and shoved my penis into the vase and instantly started filling it myself. Although i realized a problem, I was still across the room from the sink, I had to hobble my way over, piss flowing at a breakneck pace out of me into the glass. I sighed myself at the intense release and eased up as i looked over at Lara, who was watching rather excitedly, before I knew it the container was practically full and I had no end in sight.

"Here comes the tricky part. Can you stop?" she said looking with glee at the state I was in.

"I don't have to." I said as i put the whole vase plus my dick into the sink and pulled it away and allowed my stream to continue into the drain, i quickly dumped the container and put my penis back up to the mouth. "One" I counted

"Oh I see, bold move, but are you going to have enough? you just wasted a lot of precious pee if you're trying to compete with me." She said eyeing my strategy.

"I should have more than enough. Trust me I know" I said as it just kept coming, soon the second fill was done, I repeated the process and started on number 3.

"I was always really jealous of boys, getting to pee standing up, then I found that urinal like vase, it seemed to fit so well up against my girlhood that I could pee reliably into it." Lara said just out of conversation, her gaze still never leaving my member. I never wanted to be a guy, I like guys a lot, I just wish girls were better equipped.

"I feel like I should apologize." I said as the third fill came to a close, the fourth was on it's way.

"It's not your fault, we're all just born with whatever. I can think of a few other good uses for a dick anyway, and they wouldn't work if I wasn't a girl" She winked as she stood up behind me allowing her chest to press into my back as she looked over my shoulder.

I straightened up as i realized what was happening, nearly dropping the vase into the sink as the fourth fill was almost done. I quickly dumped it and started again, all I had to do was get more than a quarter and I'd have won.

"Are you trying to distract me?" I said with a smirk.

"No, well, maybe give you some ideas... maybe..." she said as she lightly pressed her breasts a bit more into the small of my back.

Finally I slowed to a trickle and then a few drops then nothing as i held up the jar and put it onto the counter. It actually didn't look that much more full than when she had gone.

"Well, maybe I didn't have more than you." I said somewhat defeated.

"Well, you did waste a lot. You need to work on your control." she said with a laugh.

"I guess so, well, I guess we've got some cleanup to do right?" I said looking at the various pee puddles around the floor.

"In a moment, come with me. The floor can wait." She said as she took me by my exposed penis and started leading me out of the kitchen.

"Hey, hang on, i can't walk like this!" I said as I hobble behind her. I didn't think it possible, but she may have been even more amorous than Sara.

She led me up the stairs and into her room and...

The End... once more... to be continued? meh...

Again, too lazy for editing, plus i've had to piss the entire time i've been writing this. helps the writing flow better, no pun intended. ok bye.

*010*2017-03-04 02:47

"So." I said as I sat down on the chair across the room where Lara had led me. "How did you get so good at controlling your pee?"

"Well, I didn't really have a choice in the matter, I think it all started around when I was 13. Sara would have been 8 at the time, we were still living with our mother and whatever boyfriend she had that month." She said as she changed her underwear from the yellow stained pair to a much cleaner set and walked over to sit on the side of her bed.

"I wondered about the both of your parents, Sara mentioned it was just you and her here in this house." I said relaxing back in the chair I sat in.

"We don't really talk to our mother anymore, she still lives in the house we left, living her life as she sees fit." She said rather coldly, I had clearly stuck a nerve.

"Well, regardless, what happened back then?" I asked looking at her expectantly.

"Alright, I'll try to tell it as best I can." She said leaning back onto the bed.

*CUE FLASHBACK*

Back when we were young Sara never was good at holding her pee, she'd frequently have accidents even hearing running water was enough to make her want to go. I being 5 years older than her could hold a lot more, and I think even then I've always had a pretty big tank for a girl. One morning I got up absolutely bursting for a pee, I ran down the hallway to our bathroom and threw open the already partially closed door and found our mothers boyfriend of the month, he was bracing himself against the wall with one hand, the other was keeping his dick aimed down into the toilet filling the room with a loud splashing, I probably should have heard it as I ran down the hall but never caught on. I remember it was the first time I'd ever witnessed a man wetting, and as my head put together what I was looking at he finally picked up on my presence

"OH!" he yelled as he looked over and saw me in the doorway "Hang on, you ain't supposed to see this, go on, leave me in peace! I'll be done in a minute!" He said as he waved me away with one hand, all the while letting his pee pour into the bowl.

"I'm sorry, I'm desperate, please hurry..." I said as I turned around dancing in place and waiting for him to let me go. After a few moments more he finally slowed to a trickle as his pee came to an end.

"Alright, she's all yours." he said as he lowered the toilet seat. I wasted no time in rushing past him and waving him out of the room before I made my way to the toilet, I looked down at the yellowed water he left and almost went to flush it when another spasm hit me, quickly I pulled down my pajamas and panties and plonked my rear down onto the waiting toilet, urine gushed from me into the water below almost as soon as I sat down. I'd finally relaxed and leaned back sighing in relief, but about 30 seconds into my pee came a knock on the door.

"Lara! Lara are you in there?" it was my mothers voice.

"Yeah." I breathed as the splashing echoed in the tiny room

"Quit hogging the toilet your sisters got to go too, and I ain't cleaning up another of her accidents." she said as she opened the door and Sara wandered in, still pretty sleepy looking but holding herself tightly.

"But, I'm not done yet..." I said in defeat while piss streamed below me.

"NOW!" She yelled "I don't want to see a DROP of pee on this floor!" she said as she slammed the door shut, I looked over and saw Sara fidgeting, remembering how bad I had to go when the toilet was occupied. Mustering all my strength I clenched my muscles together and stopped flowing, much to my still half full bladders dismay.

"Lara, are you done?" Sara said looking expectantly at me.

"Not quite, but I can wait for you to go" I said as took some paper to my drippings. I stood up and pulled my pants and panties back up into position. Sara hobbled over still holding her crotch till she got to the toilet and pulled her own pants down and started peeing loudly herself. Instantly my muscles tensed and I clenched my legs together again trying to hold my flood back

"Thanks Lara, I really had to go potty bad." Sara sighed as she let her torrent of pee flow.

"Don't... mention... it..." I said crossing and recrossing my legs listening to her whiz was working against me in a big way.

"I've been trying to get better at holding my pee, someday I hope I can hold as much as you and mommy." She said slightly happily. "This was my longest hold yet, I've been waiting since last night.

"Great now she's going to take even longer..." I thought to myself. "You'll get there." I said aloud as i felt a spurt escape into my pants. Around the same time Sara's stream started becoming more of a tinkling sound than a full on hose, she couldn't have picked a better time.

"Haaahhh... Much better..." She said as she took some paper, wiped, got up and pulled up her panties. She too reached to flush the lever before I grabbed her out of the way.

"NO TIME!" I yelled as i pulled my pants down again and finally resumed my much needed leak.

"Wow, you still had to go that bad?" Sara said wide eyed at my release.

"I really did, but it's ok now, don't worry about me." I said eyes closed in ecstasy.

"I promise, I'll get good at holding so I don't make you wait ever again." She said as she walked out of the bathroom and shut the door behind her.

*PRESENT TIME*

"AND THEN SHE DOES WHAT SHE DID LAST NIGHT!" Lara yelled at no one in particular.

"Hah, it sounds like you've always been close huh?" I asked as I stood up out of the chair.

"Ever since we moved out of that house we've been a bit different, she's got her life I've got mine, but we're still all the other's got." She said with a slight smile

"I'm sure she still cares very much for you." I said somewhat absentmindedly, it was the first thing that came to mind.

"Yeah, I guess you're right, well, I don't know about you but I'm starving, want something to eat?" She said pretty calmly.

"I think I'll oblige you this time." I responded. Making my way towards her on the bed... and...

THE ENDISHTHINGTHATPROBABLYISN'TBUTWHOKNOWSBYEEEEE

