No Substitute for Omorashi

Author: Nineteen

*000*2016-05-21 04:49

So I've been browsing this site for a long time, and it's probably my favorite website, save for YouTube. Anyways, I've never posted anything, but I thought that it was probably time I contributed something and, given recent happenings, this seemed like the perfect opportunity. I filed it under fiction because, while some details are true, I did fabricate some details to make it a tiny bit more exciting. Having said that, here's the story thing.

This was not shaping up to be the best day of my life. It had been dull and boring, the stuffiness I had woken up with had yet to subside going into the second half of the day, and certain people were in rare form for irritating me. I had decided I probably would've been better off just staying home and doing a little pee holding (or maybe a lot). The two periods following lunch were pretty standard. Mister... Let's call him... Mister Liberal, our History teacher rambled for a bit, and Misses... Español taught us some new Spanish words that I was nowhere near ready for.

Then came Mister E's class. I decided on that name because he taught English, but also because E's were his favorite grade to hand out. He was an ornery, old fashioned sort of teacher who didn't understand all this new-fangled technology. Today, however, he had a substitute in his place (Aha! The name seems clever now, doesn't it?). Some people were thrilled. Actually, most people were thrilled, but I didn't really care. I didn't realize when I found out Mr. E was gone that this sub would become my favorite person. Ever.

We went in and sat down like every other day, got our books out and prepared to read for the first half of class, give or take. Once class started, the sub left her desk and introduced herself as Ms. B (Fake name. The B is for bathroom, I've decided.). Right as she was reading out of the sub notes for us to start our reading, in came... Anna. Let's call her Anna. Anna was a very attractive girl. Not too tall, but very slender, with straight blonde hair and a bum that would harden up the softest... Um... You get the idea. Well it didn't harden up Ms. B. I could tell something was up as soon as she came in because of the way she was standing, and she went straight to Ms. B to confirm my suspicions. My desk is pretty close to the teacher's desk, so I could hear her panicked whispers.

She asked if she could go to the bathroom, but the sub (not bothering to keep her voice down) told Anna that that was what the time in between the periods was for, and since she had been late, she definitely should've had time. Anna huffed loudly and stomped to her seat as angrilly as she could while still keeping her legs pressed together. I took a second to assess her posture and dress. She wore a pair of grey leggings that highlighted the aforementioned bum beautifully and a white sweatshirt. She had her legs pressed tightly together and one hand clenched by her side, while the other rested on her stomach right above her bladder. Her seat was the one right beside mine in the next row over and I was thrilled with the display that I might be rewarded with, but I had no idea how good it would get.

She sat down slowly and carefully, taking her time to make sure no unnecessary strain was put on her bladder. I could feel my excitement growing as I watched her hands move toward her crotch before stopping as she seemed to reconsider. This was going to be fun. We read our books silently. Or, at least, most of us did. I couldn't keep my eyes off of Anna, who couldn't keep her eyes on her book. She was completely distracted by her growing desperation, as was I. It didn't take long for the squirming to start. Very shortly into the class, she began to shift restlessly as her need overtook her dignity.

She shifted every minute or so, but that soon became seconds. As the silent reading ended, she gave up her pride completely and stuffed her hands down into her crotch, struggling to hold back the flow. You had better believe I was excited. After that, she began the dance. Her legs crossed and uncrossed, her face began to redden and sweat, and her hands remained planted on her womanhood. Finally, her hand shot up, but, knowing what the request would be, the substitute simply shook her head. I was thrilled at this teachers stubborn nature, but confused as well.

Had she taken a disliking to Anna simply because she entered the class late? I decided I didn't care. The show was too distracting to form thoughts about the teacher. Anna had graduated to standing, the skintight waistband putting too much pressure on her bladder, I assumed. We had been given an assignment that most everyone was working on, but I could only stare at the misery of another person that was supplying me with so much pleasure. She continued the dance, now with her back pressed up against the wall.

Crossing and uncrossing, grabbing and sweating. I convinced myself to take a look around the room, and noticed a few other people looking, some whispering, some laughing, some disgusted. I was blown away by how someone could find this to be anything besides arousing. The last person I looked at was the sub, who I was surprised to find had taken an interest in Anna's predicament. She motioned for Anna to sit, but when Anna didn't notice, looked at me and motioned again, signifying that I should tell her. I did, and the look of misery on her pretty face almost made me feel ashamed for my excitement. Almost.

After a few more minutes of squirming and dancing, Anna decided to go to the teacher and ask again. I heard her absolutely frantic whispers as she infromed the teacher that she was about to "totally piss her pants." The substitute teacher raised an eyebrow, but, after several tantalizing seconds, finally allowed Anna to go. I was slightly disappointed but decided I could at least see a few more seconds of desperation if I followed her out of the classroom. I went to the teacher doing a shameless fake pee dance (mostly to hide my erection) and was allowed to go with not a second's delay. I hurried out of the classroom after Anna and, after closing the door behind me, was greeted by the most amazing sight I've ever seen.

Anna was pushing fruitlessly on the door to the bathroom (located directly across from Mr. E's room) with one hand, while the other was still jammed between her legs. The door was locked. I could barely contain myself as I walked over to ask her what was wrong. She was practically sobbing as she reported the situation. I looked at the clock above the bathroom door. There were still fifteen minutes left until the end of school, so I came up with an excuse for her to wait on the spot. "If you can wait fifteen minutes," I said "then I'm sure we could get one of the teachers to unlock it for you." She looked at me in horror. She couldn't wait fifteen minutes and we both new it, but she didn't say a word.

So we waited. Why the substitute teacher didn't come out and check on us, I have no idea since it took the better part of the 15 minutes for nature to take its course, but the buildup was pretty great too. Gasps and whimpers were all the sound she could make save for the "nothing" she replied with when I asked about the gasps, although one only needed look at her pants to see the cause. There was a penny sized spot on her crotch after less than a minute, and all it could do was grow. Her pee dance grew more and more still as she relied less on her hands and more on her muscles, the squirming only making it worse.

Finally, just as I was becoming convinced she might make it after all, a particularly loud gasp followed by several oh no's and shit's and fuck's got my attention. She was peeing and now she couldn't stop. The flow grew from a stream to a river to an ocean, then slowly, slowly back again. She had tried to stop it with her hands, but now the sleeves were simply covered in the poor girl's urine. Her face read misery, but I could see the relief in it as well. As the pitter patter of her urine slowed, I broke free of my trance in time to register that she had asked me a question.

"What?" I asked stupidly. "Please don't tell anyone." She begged. I thought about it, then agreed. As the excitement of the moment passed, I remembered my promise to find someone to unlock the door and headed for the office. I don't know whether Anna realized I could've gone there the whole time, but she didn't seem angry if she did. The Secretary followed me back, and, already having been briefed on the situation, was very sympathetic, letting Anna know that there were extra clothes in the lost and found. Anna declined the offer, opting instead to hide in the bathroom until everyone had left so she could retrieve her gym clothes. I, on the other hand, was left to clean up the girl's urine out in front of everyone, but I was fine with it. My only issue with the way things played out was having to wait till I got home to *ahem* relieve myself of certain fluids of my own. It was a fantastic experience for me and I'm glad I got to have it.

So that's my story guys. Please let me know what you thought (honest opinions please) and ignore any typos. I didn't have access to a computer at time of writing and my autocorrect was behaving strangely.

*003*2017-09-08 03:27

{{On 8/30/2017 at 8:03 PM, vfbbf said:

Pretty good. maybe better build up from need to want to desparete

}}

Yeah... this was my very first story and I was just experimenting with what I could do... so it's not so great. And for some reason I decided to write it from the perspective of a guy...

{{On 8/30/2017 at 10:07 PM, Bellatrix1 said:

That was very great

}}

I'm glad you think so but it definitely could've used some work...

