Haikyuu omorashi

Author: nyao

*000*2021-07-06 09:24

I just finished reading haikyuu for the 3rd time(or maybe 4th. Already lost count ). And I realized something. Its that there are three charecters I would very much like to see in a deeperate situation. 1.Osamu and/or Atsumu. 2. Omiomi.

Yeah only these three for now.

Here is a scenario about the Miya twins.

After practicing the whole evening Osamu is super desperate to go to the bathroom after they come home. Despite knowing that, Atsumu takes the bathroom first with the excuse of taking a shower because he feels really sweaty (and Osamu not being fast enough to stop him because of his desperation) just to piss Osamu off.

Even after waiting for Atsumi for more than 20 minutes he doesn't comes out. During this time Osamu isn't even least a bit shy to express his needs loud enough for the whole neighborhood to hear but for some reason the person in question can't seem to hear him at all.

Osamu doesn't have much time left at this point anymore. But he has to do what he can to minimise the severity and to not get scolded by his mother. Uttering one last curse he opens the door and walks inside. He takes look at the still locked shower door before leaning against the door and looking down at his feet focusing all his energy on keeping control for atleast 10 more seconds.

At this time Atsumu opens the door (probably because he can't hear Osamu's shout anymore lol) and peeks outside only to see his younger twin leaning against the door, one hand at the hem of his sweater cleanching hard and the other on his lips seemingly wanting keep himself from moaning out loud. Osamu looks up and sees him, his face showing a surprised expression. He throws some halfhearted curses at Atsumu for being an ass but that's all he does, not even trying to get to the bathroom anymore which was something he would have definitely considered if Atsumu came out even a minute ago but it was far too late now.

A drop of sweat treackled down his cheeks and Osamu finally loses all control. Biting his lips as hard as he can so that the embarrassing sounds of relief won't leak from his mouth, further embarrassing his already shameful self. Despite all this he was unable to stop the sounds, whther it was his sweet soft moans or the hissing sound of him going full force in his swat pants. When his pants were overwhelmed, pee started to leak and make a puddle underneath him. The sound of interaction between the hard floor and liquid was far too loud for that awafually quite atmosphere.

After about 1 whole minute everything was finally quite again and only the sound of Osamu's shaky breath was heard. Atsumu was still staring at the red faced Osamu with wide eyes seemingly not expecting him to actually wet himself like this.

Next day Atsumu was seen with quite the bruise on his face that accompanied him for more than a month.

And that's the end . Maybe the scene is a bit confusing, I will try to draw it out to make it more clear if possible.

As you can see I am not good at writing stories so it's a bit weird. Anyway I think a fan fiction on this topic will be very hot. As for Omiomi...well I am not too sure how to make his scenario. Mostly because he is misophobic so I have no Idea how he will react in the end. Either way I would love to see him desperate to go .

Do share if you have any other omorashi fanfic ideas in mind

