Mawile's false start

Author: Notme246

*000*2018-01-04 16:16

(I'll try to make this one long)

Mawile was driving. The speed limit was 60, but she was going at 75. She had to pee, badly. She had been waiting since breakfast to go. But everything had stopped her. She had to go when she woke up, but she was late. So she didn't have time tk reileve herself before she left...then at lunch, her jobs restroons were closed for cleaning. At this point she was bursting. She drank the last quart of water from the bottle and hit the accelerator hard.

Her bladder ached and throbbed in pain, she clenched her knees tightly together and was sweating fast. She drank 3 bottles of water today. Which she was regretting deeply.

She was still 20 minutes away from home. She wasn't gonna make it. Red light. She clenched her knees tightly and shoved her hands between her legs as her waited for the light to change. Bladder about to burst. If she had to gauge it, she would be at 98%

The light changed to green, she stepped on the gas! A police Pokemon saw her speeding. She was forced to pull over.

Mawile tried her best to hide her desperation, the Furret officer went to her window. "Ma'am, I'm gonna have to see some identity".

She put her knees tighter together and reached into her purse and pulled out her Driver's license. The furret studied it.

She took the time to jam her hands between her legs again, pressing against her pee hole trying to keep it all in.

The Furret have her back ger license and let her off with a warning. She quickly drove and realized she wasn't gonna make it home. Then she got a ring on her phone.

Red light.

She put one hand between her legs and picked up the phone.

"Hello?". She said trying not to sound desperate.

It was Wigglytuff her manager. "Hey! We need some help back here, can you work a little over time?".

Mawile was closer to work than home.

"Ok! I'll be there in a minute". She said. She then turned and drove to her job, at this point she had to keep one hand on her crotch at all times, and one hand on the wheel.

She made it to her office! She quickly parked her car. She almost wet herself right then and there at the car stopping and parking.

She ran out the car and locked it. Then ran over to the door and rushed inside. She went to the ladies room, locked!

She jammed her hands between her legs again and bounced and squirmed wait for the person to come out. "Come on! Come on!". She whinned as she felt a few drops leak.

A toilet flush was heard.

Knowing that she was so close to the toilet made the leakage worse. Eventually, a Dewott came out the bathroom looking at Mawile with a confused expression.

Mawile dashed into the bathroom, closed the door, and sat on the toilet immediantly relieving her bladder.

She sighed in relief as everything she drank exited her body. She had never felt better.

After about 1 minute, she finished. She flushed the toilet and got up and washed her hands. Then she walked out.

Wigglytuff greated her. "Glad you could make it". She said. "I owe you one".

Mawile nodded and smiled. Knowing that the boss owed you was a good feeling. She walked up to her office and sat in her chair. Mawile was an office worker, filing bills and taxes and sending emails and such.

She got herself 3 bottles of water from the cooler she kept. She opened one a drank half of it. Then she typed on her computer.

About an hour later she had finished 2 and a half of her waters. Her stomach then growled. She giggled slightly. "I guess I haven't eaten much today". She said to herself and continued typing.

Later, she had finished the last half bottle of water. And her stomach growled again. But it wasn't from hunger. "If it's not hunger...what is it?". She wonder. Then she felt a small twinge in her bladder. She pressed her hands against her belly. "Oh boy...I think I gotta tinkle again...".

She knew her boss didn't like people taking breaks before scheduled times. So she decided to hold it. After about an hour, she finished her work. But there was still time till her overtime shift ended. She put her hands back on her belly, which ached abit now.

"I really gotta go now....but I can hold it..". She thought. Usually when she finished work, she'd play games on her computer. Which is what she did to take her mind off her bladder.

She sorta rubbed her legs together and put her hands on her belly once in a while to ease the pressure.

She realized that she was desprate. So she put one hand in her crotch. Then her stomach growled again. It was painful now.

She pressed her hands against her now swollen tummy. The pain was bad, but still somewhat bearable. She crossed her legs trying to hold it all in. There was still 1 hour left in her shift.

She wasn't gonna make it. She knew that. But she tried anyway.

An hour later. She was clutching her pee hole hard with her legs crossed. She bite her tounge to stop from moaning. She heard Wigglytuff's voice on the intercome.

"Attention all overtime workers, your shifts are now over, thank you".

She got up and dashed down to the restrooms. But to her horror....there was a line!

The girls in the line looked almost as desprate as her. But she knew she couldn't wait. She she rushed out to her car. Started it up. And drove quickly.

But then the thing that she feared most occured.

A traffic jam.

She knew she was not gonna make it now. She looked for some sort of container. Bottle. Something! But to no avail.

She felt a spurt. She tried to hold on. Her aching belly paining her. She felt another spurt. And slowly felt a stream start. She didn't try to stop it since she knew it was pointless. She just cried as her car got soaked in urine. And cried the rest of the drive home.

###

Well. I hope you guys enjoyed this one! It's longer, so it should be more enjoyable.

Bai! =3

