Around the World in 80 Bladders

Author: nononono

*010*2022-08-09 14:37

Cologne, Germany

The queue for Bootshaus Club showed no signs of moving. It was 11:30pm, on a cool May evening, and Sabine Meyer and her friends were growing increasingly impatient. The girls had known each other since pre-school, but hadn't had time to meet up properly since the pandemic. All four of them were now working women, but were excited for their first clubbing experience in years, a chance to let their hair down. Sabine was the clear leader of the group, a beautiful, tall blonde, outspoken and now training to be a lawyer. Petra was Sabine's best friend, a much shorter woman with curly, brown hair, who was now a nursery teacher. Mia was quiet, her black fringe giving a mysterious vibe. She worked in a cafe and everyone who walked in fancied her. Lena was the group lightweight, already the most drunk by far. When sober, she was a surprisingly competent nurse.

"Oh my God, I have to pee sooooo badly," Lena moaned, bouncing up and down, both due to her bladder and the cold breeze blowing.

"Me too babe, I'm not sure I can hold it," Petra winced, theatrically bending down.

"Stop moaning girls, we're nearly at the front," Sabine sighed.

"I can't, I'm going to wet myself," Petra was almost crying. And with that, she ducked under the red rope, and desperately headed towards the alleyway.

"Wait there," Lena called out, clutching herself.

A few seconds passed, Mia squirmed on the spot before admitting defeat. "Ugh I can't wait anymore."

Sabine shook her head. It always shocked her how small her friend's bladders were. It felt like every time they hung out, Sabine spent half her time waiting for them outside of the ladies room. She wondered how they functioned in their normal jobs, given they seemed to be bursting for the toilet every hour or so. Looking greatly relieved, and ignoring the people behind complaining at their pushing back in the line, the girls returned.

"Ahhh that's so much better, was so close to peeing myself then!" Lena exclaimed at a decibel that even people inside the club would have been able to hear.

"You girls need to get your bladders checked, seriously. What was that, half an hour since you last peed?" Sabine rolled her eyes.

"You know how it is, when you break the seal. Don't pretend you don't have to go too," Petra replied.

Sabine shrugged. "Not really."

"But how? You've had like three pints, and I've only seen you use the bathroom once this evening," Lena exclaimed.

"I guess I just have an iron bladder," Sabine laughed.

"So you don't need to go if I do this?" Lena asked, before imitating a hissing sound.

Sabine shook her head.

"That's ridiculous, I have to pee again already," Petra replied.

"She's just pretending she doesn't have to go. She thinks she'll appear weak if she excuses herself to go to the toilet, so she'll just sneak off when no-one's looking," Mia spoke up.

Sabine frowned. "That's bullshit Mia, you just can't cope that I have the strongest bladder in Germany."

"Oh yeah? Prove it. I bet you can't hold it until we get home," Petra looked her best friend in the eye, gauging her enthusiasm for the challenge.

Sabine smirked. "Easy," she replied, shaking Petra's hand to signify her commitment to the challenge.

"Oh and we have to stay until closing time," Lena added.

###

It had gone midnight by the time they got in. Petra, Mia and Lena all sprinted to the toilets as soon as they got in, leaving Sabine to get some drinks from the bar. 'Don't Care' by Aluna Sky was playing at an earachingly loud volume, that song had become almost impossible to avoid. Sabine would never admit this to the girls, but she was starting to feel an urge to urinate. Under normal circumstances, she probably would have considered joining the girls in the loos, but she was competitive, and refused to admit defeat.

"Here you go girls," Sabine passed the girls a double vodka and coke each.

"Where's your drink?" Petra asked.

"I've drunk it already," Sabine lied.

"Bullshit, you're a shit liar," Petra faked indignation.

"Don't worry, I'll get you a drink," Mia smiled. Five minutes later, she came back with a pint of Carling, much to the annoyance of Sabine's bladder.

"You just looked like you were enjoying those beers so much earlier!" Mia reasoned.

Reluctantly, Sabine started to take short sips from the plastic glass of Carling. Her situation was worsening rapidly, she hadn't peed since 9pm. Since then, she'd had two pints, some water, a few shots, and was now adding a third pint onto her already full bladder. She strongly regretted her bet now, and given closing time was 3, it would be at least three and a half hours before she could see to her need.

###

"Do you have to pee yet?" Lena asked her, noticing Sabine's grimace as she finally finished her pint, an hour after starting.

Sabine played it cool, "Meh. Maybe a little." In reality, that couldn't be further from the truth. Sabine was absolutely bursting, and it was only the fact they were on a dancefloor that she was able to disguise how badly she had to go. Her bladder constantly jabbed at her, unbelievably desperate for release.

"I'll get you another drink then," Petra smirked. "Unless you'd rather go to the bathroom first?"

Sabine was determined. "Sounds good." A wave of intense desperation reminded her of her bladder's dissatisfaction with her decision making. Sabine looked around, Petra had gone to the bar, Mia was getting off with a girl she'd met a few minutes ago, Lena was nowhere to be seen. This was her chance. Practically hobbling, she winced and grimaced as she snuck into the queue for the bathroom.

"Excuse me, can I go in front of you? I'm really really desperate," Sabine admitted to a stranger in front of her.

"Ha, join the club," the girl in front danced on the spot.

"Seriously, I don't think I can hold it, my bladder's about to explode," Sabine cried. The girl in front noticed her swollen stomach and relented, astonished by the sight of woman absolutely full to the brim with urine. Sabine was next in line, painfully close to relief. A spurt leaked into her panties as the toilet was in sight, and the sounds of women urinating, taps trickling, toilets flushing was almost too much for her to bear.

"Oh hi Sabine, what are you doing here?" It was Lena, walking out of the toilets.

"Oh, hi. I was just on my way to get some fresh air," Sabine felt another long spurt of piss dampen the crotch of her panties.

"I'll come with you!" Lena cheerfully replied, pulling Sabine away from salvation.

###

"You know you don't have to do this?" Lena asked her clearly desperate friend.

"I'm fine," Sabine lied, as she felt a rivulet of wee run down each leg.

"No you're not, you're going to hospitalise yourself if you keep this up," Lena looked genuinely concerned.

Another spurt of pee convinced her. "Okay you're right," Sabine responded.

Practically wetting herself already, she stumbled inside, all dignity gone. She clutched herself for dear life, and desperately scanned the bathroom line. Realising she didn't have time, she darted into the men's restroom on her right. Ignoring the cries of protesting men, Sabine contorted herself to stop any more pee leaking out, assessing whether there were any stalls free. With all taken, she was forced into her last resort option. Hitching her skirt up and pulling her panties to one side, her bladder was finally able to release properly, into a urinal next to six other men.

She didn't care that a load of strangers in Cologne were staring at her naked pussy, nor that she was moaning like she'd had the best sex of her life. All that mattered was she was finally able to piss. Her eyes rolled heavenward as an unprecedented amount of pee exited her body as force. All the men left the bathroom as soon as possible, even the attendant, to give this poor woman privacy. The relief was so great, that Sabine was practically cumming, as her stomach slowly returned to its normal size. Feeling naughty, she did the rest in her already soaked panties, letting the fabric soak up the rest of her hot piss. Unable to resist any longer, she frantically rubbed her clit, and after seconds, she was in ecstasy, groaning like no man had ever made her feel. She was done. Taking her panties off, she left them in the bin, and pulled her skirt back down to avoid flashing the whole nightclub.

*012*2022-08-11 14:55

Athens, Greece

"Wait, so you pissed yourself?" Cassia Gataki adjusted her flowing blue dress as she spoke to her friend from university over Zoom. Maria met Sabine Meyer studying in London together, and had been very good friends ever since.

"Basically. I had to go soooooo so so badly, and the line for the ladies bathroom was too long, so I had to use the urinals," Sabine laughed, a week after her embarrassment in Cologne.

"Oh my God, that is so funny! That is so classic Sabine," Cassia chuckled.

"That is not classic Sabine," she frowned. "You know how big my bladder is."

"Yeah, and I know that when you have to go, you HAVE to go," Cassia goaded her friend.

"That's not true," Sabine scoffed.

"Uh, the summer ball?" Cassia queried. "I've never seen someone pee so much as you did in that alleyway."

"Apart from that," Sabine replied.

"On the car to the airport, I thought you were going to pass out," Cassia laughed.

"Yeah, well at least I don't have the smallest bladder in the world," Sabine retorted.

"Haha, maybe. Speaking of which, I have to pee so badly, I'll call you next week," Cassia squirmed.

"Okay girl, love you!" Sabine ended the zoom call.

Sat on the toilet, Cassia sighed as she voided her bladder. Sabine was right, Maria did have a ridiculously small bladder. Any road trip longer than an hour would inevitably end in Cassia begging the driver to stop, and all social occasions had to be planned around where the bathrooms were. Still, Cassia found solace in stories like Sabine's, and that even a bladder as strong as hers could struggle. After wiping her neatly trimmed pussy, she flushed, pulled her purple panties up and washed her hand. Looking in the mirror, she adjusted her brown, curly hair, ready to go to work. Despite spending last year doing a masters, she had struggled to find work, so she was working at a beach bar in Athens to pay her rent. She filled up her water bottle, grabbed her keys and headed out the door, ready for her six hour shift.

###

The bus had been held up by traffic, and now Cassia was stressing about being late. She'd sent her boss a text, but had no response. It was 4:02, her shift should have started already, yet she was still about a mile away. On top of that, she needed a wee. Her legs were tightly crossed, but the water she had already drunk had gone straight to her tiny bladder. This was one of the most challenging things about her job. There was a toilet, but it was about a five minute walk from the beach hut itself.

There had been countless times when her colleague had to cover her so she could dash and relieve herself. On a few occasions, she'd struggled to make it to the toilet without leaking. Her phone pinged, it was Emily, an English girl on her gap year, who had been working with her at the bar. "Cass, where are u? I'm desperate or a wee" That was odd, thought Cassia. Christos should be there now, so why hasn't Emily gone home yet? "Sorry, stuck in traffic, will be a few more minutes." Within seconds, a reply. "Okay pls hurry, I'm bursting."

Cassia arrived at the shack to find her colleague desperately dancing on the spot. "So sorry Emily, the traffic was awful!"

"That's okay, can you help me take this off? I might actually piss myself," Emily still had the cash belt round her, and there was a customer waiting.

"Where's Christos?" Cassia asked, trying to undo the belt buckle, a job made harder by Emily's inability to stay still.

"Didn't you hear? He's got COVID, along with everyone else. We're the last two standing," Emily squirmed. "Ahhhhhh, please be gentle, I think a bit just came out."

"So are you staying? What if I need the bathroom?" Cassia asked.

"I'm sorry, I need to go, I'll see you tomorrow," Emily was already running towards the toilet, and Cassia could have sworn she saw a dark patch on her light denim shorts.

Flustered by everything, Cassia would have forgotten she had someone to serve until he gently coughed.

"So sorry, what can i get for you?" Cassia snapped into business mode.

"2 pints of Peroni please," the young Englishman asked. As Cassia poured, she was reminded again that her bladder was also in need of relief. Once the man had paid and taken his beers, she sent another message to Emily. "Any chance you can come here quickly before you go? I forgot to pee before my shift."

Ten minutes passed with a steady stream of customers starting to build up. Normally, it wouldn't be so manic with two of them, but with Cassia manning the bar by herself, and no others open on the beach, it was getting hectic, particularly now people were starting to leave work. Her phone buzzed: "Sorry Cass, only just saw this! On bus back already. Try asking next door." They were next to a food stand selling burgers, but right now, it was too busy for Cassia to even stop and ask the stand next door. And anyway, they looked fairly swamped as well.

###

Cassia had now tried to phone her boss 17 times. Her bladder was reaching breaking point, three hours into service. Every pint poured sent a signal to her bladder, reminding it of its fullness. In the heat of the afternoon, she'd got so thirsty that she couldn't help finishing her water bottle, and she'd nearly finished a second one. Normally during a six hour shift, she'd go and pee at least two times, if not three. Yet three hours into this one, she still hadn't gone, despite her being desperate.

"Are you okay?" a quiet Italian woman asked, as Cassia looked to the sky in exasperation.

"I'm fine, just been a busy day," Cassia lied, as she poured her two pints, once again clenching her pelvic floor muscles with all her might.

The woman looked back, unconvinced, before taking the pints and thanking Cassia.

Gasping as a drop of wee escaped into her panties, Cassia knew she didn't have long. Her phone rang.

"Hello?" Cassia asked.

"Hi Cass, it's Christos, how's it going?" he asked.

"Why are you only just phoning back? What sort of manager are you? As soon as this shift finishes, I'm reporting all this. I don't care if people have COVID, you can't expect us to work without breaks," Cassia yelled down the phone, now not even caring that she was leaking into her knickers.

"Look I fucked up but you don't need to report this. Just finish the shift and I'll give you a raise, how about that?" he asked.

"Finish the shift? Christos, I haven't been to the bathroom all afternoon, I can't wait that long," she pleaded, feeling another long spurt run down her legs.

"Okay, tell you what, I'll send my daughter down, she can get there in half an hour and finish your shift for you," he negotiated.

"Why couldn't she have done that in the first place? Whatever, send her down as soon as possible because I don't think I can hold on much longer," she hissed.

Ignoring the wetness in her panties, Cassia continued with her job the best she could, contorting herself into the most awkward positions wherever possible to help hold it in. Her need was obvious, a few customers had even offered to watch the bar for her, but she knew she couldn't do that. She would quit, but she couldn't afford to look for another job. Cassia was in agony, her bladder was screaming for release, begging for the toilet. It was while she was pouring what felt like her millionth pint that day that it finally became too much.

Almost as soon as she pulled down on the tap, her bladder gave up the battle. Involuntarily, the contents of her bladder started to slowly spill all over the floor. The customer surely noticed that the sound of pouring liquid continued after she'd finished pouring his beer, but Cassia played it cool, pretending that nothing was going on. Her panties were now completely saturated, so her hot urine splashed all over her legs and feet. Red faced, the customer grabbed his beer quickly, pretending to not know that the server was pissing herself. A few people in the queue decided they'd try and find somewhere else to get their beer, and in the end, there was just one customer left at the bar.

"Fuck, and I thought I had to go bad," it was Emily, who had made it to the bar just a little too late.

"You have no idea," groaned Cassia. "Fuck it felt so good though. Thanks for coming down anyway."

"Hey I know what your bladder is like," Emily laughed. "Sorry I was a bit too late." She kissed her colleague.

"I guess I'd better get cleared up then," Cassia was bought back to earth.

"Maybe I'll come and help you with that. Don't you need to lock up though?" Emily asked.

"Nah. I quit," Cassia announced defiantly, snogging her colleague again.

Laughing, the two walked hand in hand towards the bus stop, barely able to contain their excitement for what was certain to be a very fun night.

*015*2022-08-30 15:42

Auckland, New Zealand

"Oh fuckkkkkk," Annie was practically screaming, as the man she'd only known for a week made her cum for the third time that morning. She gasped frantically as he ejaculated, coating her already soaking pussy in his semen. He kissed her on the forehead, before handing her a tissue, picking one for himself in the process. Annie couldn't remember the last time she'd orgasmed three times in one day. Maybe in the early days of her relationship with Ryan. But that was fifteen years ago now. Fifteen years of mediocre sex. At least it had been until she met Chris.

Chris was Annie's equivalent at a rival company. Whilst Annie was the youngest ever CEO of Atella Communications, Chris was in charge of Onyx Waves. A modern day Romeo and Juliet, two rival CEOs shagging behind everyone's back. Including Annie's husband.

Excusing herself to pee, Annie felt the familiar pang of guilt. After all, what had Ryan actually done wrong? Apart from being a bit boring. He was a good dad, he rarely shouted and to him, Annie was a goddess. Perhaps that was it, Annie thought, as her body relaxed and a long stream of urine started to slowly pour out of her urethra. They weren't on an even footing at all. Ryan would swim to Italy and back if Annie woke up with a hankering for pizza. Annie resented it when Ryan asked her to turn the lights off in the landing before bed time.

Chris was different, and she knew that from the moment their eyes locked in the conference room at the Hilton in Wellington. They'd barely exchanged names before Chris was inside her. Annie felt like she needed to dress up for Chris, she felt she had to watch hours worth of make up tutorials before their secret dates. She shaved her pubic hair for him, something she hadn't done for Ryan since their wedding night. Chris was everything Ryan wasn't: suave, decisive and sexy. After wiping her neatly trimmed pussy, she flushed and washed her hands, before returning back to the bedroom, completely nude.

"You can do anything to me after that," Annie whispered into Chris's ear. "Anything."

Chris nodded nonchalantly. "Where does your husband think you are?"

"He thinks I'm still in Wellington, I told him that I had some more work I needed to do down there," Annie laughed cruelly.

"Yeah you've got more work to do alright, eh?" Chris allowed himself a chuckle. "Drink this," he added, handing Annie a 750 ml bottle of water.

Annie stared at him blankly, "Why?"

"Did you not just say you'd let me do anything?" Chris raised his eyebrow.

"Well yeah, I meant sexually," Annie's face betrayed her confusion.

"Who says this isn't sexual? You just have to trust me," Chris replied. "Drink up!"

Annie downed the water bottle, still not understanding what Chris wanted. In truth, she quite enjoyed the mystery. She'd thought her days of being surprised were long gone, but here she was, having an affair with a strange but beautiful man.

"Now why don't you go downstairs and make us some breakfast. I'd like scrambled eggs with chives, and bacon rashers of bacon please, on top of two buttered slices of white toast. Oh and an iced coffee, feel free to get yourself one," Chris grinned.

"And they say chivalry is dead," Annie rolled her eyes, yet she felt compelled to do whatever this man asked her to do. She was the youngest ever CEO of her company, and yet now she was making breakfast for her less successful counterpart. Not bothering to get dressed yet, she headed down to the kitchen, giving Chris a good look at her arse at the same time. Annie wasn't much of a chef, her diet mainly consisted of store bought sandwiches and Coke Zero. Occasionally Ryan would cook the two of them sometime, but more often than not, she'd end up reheating it when she returned home late into the evening. After taking a few minutes to navigate her way round the kitchen, she eventually found everything necessary to cook her lover breakfast.

"Annie?" a voice called out.

"Yeah?" she asked.

"Drink another bottle of water," he demanded.

"Really? I'm gonna have to piss like a racehorse soon," she laughed.

"Now. And I'll know if you pretend," he sternly warned.

"What are you gonna do huh?" she called back, stirringly the eggs slightly.

"You don't want to know," he replied, without a hint of irony.

Reluctantly, Annie downed a second bottle of water, feeling the early signs that her bladder was starting to fill up again. As the last drop ran down her throat, a key started to slowly jiggle in the lock of the door. Quickly, Annie grabbed an apron to cover her naked body, but it was too late, the person standing open mouthed in the doorway had already seen everything.

"I'm so sorry, I'll come back later," the cleaner mumbled, trying her best not to make eye contact with the nude businesswoman.

"Thank you," Annie weakly replied, embarrassed but slightly turned on.

Once the cleaner had left, she poured two mugs of coffee, and served up breakfast. As she returned upstairs holding the tray of food, her eyes widened as she glimpsed Chris attaching hand cuffs to all four corners of the bed. "Put the tray down there," he instructed, pointing to the table by the bed.

"Chris... I'm not sure," Annie said apprehensively.

"Sorry I thought you said I could do anything? I promise it'll be worth it. I'm going to give you an orgasm so good, you won't be able to walk straight for a month," Chris smiled.

"Okay, I'm just gonna go to the bathroom quickly, that water went straight through me," Annie headed towards to bathroom, but Chris's outstretched arm stopped her in her tracks.

"No," Chris insisted. Annie's pussy almost convulsed at this display of authority.

"But I really have to go," Annie moaned.

"You will get to pee. But not yet," Chris promised. "First, I'd like you to put the handcuffs on."

"Hmm okay," Annie hopped onto the bed, and stretched her arms and legs out, so Chris could handcuff her to all four corners. Her bladder was starting to fill quickly, and being unable to cross her legs made her ordeal worse.

"I'm going to eat breakfast off your body," Chris explained. If you're good, I'll let you have some when I'm done."

Annie nodded, feeling her pussy grow wetter and wetter. She gasped as she felt the hot scrambled eggs on her body, and moaned as Chris started eating them, licking them off her massive breasts, before moving down to her stomach. He licked her all over, making sure that every inch of her body was clean. Annie's eyes rolled heavenward, but her bliss was interrupted by the pressure on her abdomen causing her to yelp.

"Careful, I have to pee super bad!" Annie moaned.

"Drink this," Chris ordered, holding the iced coffee to her lips.

Annie raised an eyebrow, "I don't think you understand how bladders work."

"Are you going to drink it, or am I going to make you drink it?" Chris asked.

"Well since I don't have hands, I don't really have a choice," Annie sighed.

Tilting her head to ease the process, Chris climbed on top of Annie, his erect penis resting on her stomach as he slowly poured the entirety of the large glass of iced coffee down her throat. Grabbing an ice cube, he started to gently rub it in circles around her nipples. The sensations of hot and cold on her body were sending her into sensory overload, as well the pressure of Chris's body weight on top of her expanding bladder. She gasped for air as Chris climbed off her, and moved his face down towards her vagina. Her body nearly went into overdrive as he picked up another ice cube, and slowly massaged her clitoris with the corner.

"Oh fuck, I need you inside me," Annie begged, her pussy now resembling a swimming pool. She longed to feel Chris's massive penis inside her once more, probing at her full bladder. She felt as though she was going to wet herself as he slowly eased himself inside her. And then it stopped.

"I need to go do some work now, I'll see you in a bit," Chris was already putting his suit on.

"WHAT. THE. FUCK!" she screamed in between gasps. "You can't leave me like this."

"I'll be back soon," Chris waved, before shutting the bedroom door behind him.

"YOU FUCKING BASTARD, COME BACK HERE!" Annie begged, her body only able to focus on its desperate need for an orgasm. One touch would do it, and she longed to move her hands, so she could finish the job herself, and have what would surely be the best orgasm she'd ever had.

###

Half an hour passed, and while her need to orgasm had died down, she was now desperate for a wee. Being unable to hold herself was torture, as was being able to glimpse the toilet in the en suite. She wriggled around in desperation, hoping that somehow that would free her from the chains. But all she got from that endeavour was sore wrists and ankles. Her bladder had filled rapidly after drinking a litre of water and a large glass of iced coffee, and she was now dying for release. There had been no sign of Chris, and she'd given up shouting for him, not willing to tire out her voice any further. She had tried to reach her phone but it was too far out of reach. Her eyes lit up as the door opened, and her potential salvation walked through.

"So sorry babe," he kissed her up and down.

"Chris, this isn't funny. I'm dying for a wee and you've just let me here," Annie tried to wriggle free again.

Chris clutched her pussy with his left hand, pushing against her peehole. "Does that feel nice?"

Annie hated the hold she had over him. "Yes," she reluctantly responded. All the pressure of the last half hour suddenly felt manageable, as he shared the holding effort with her.

"On a scale of 1-10 how desperate are you?" he asked.

"Hmmm, probably about an 8," she replied.

"Sounds like you need some more water then," he chuckled.

"No please! I'm already busting, I'll wet the bed," she begged, before he forced the contents of the bottle down her throat. "Can't I just piss in your mouth or something? It's obvious you've got some sort of fetish."

"Okay you've caught me. But no, my fetish isn't drinking piss. I love having full bladder sex, just something about the intensity of it, the double relief, there's nothing quite like it," he admitted.

"So why not now? I'm already about to piss myself," she complained.

"You're not desperate enough. And I'm not desperate enough. But I will be, I've been drinking water downstairs so I reckon in an hour I'll be ready," he replied.

"I can't wait that long," she groaned, as she felt a renewed wave of desperation hit her urethra and threaten to leak her piss onto her lover's hand.

"Yes you can," he replied. "Because if you don't, I'll tell your husband about what we've been up to this week."

Annie's heart sank. "Is this all this is then? Have you just been using me so you can fuck me?"

"Don't get me wrong Annie, you're fucking stunning. But this isn't love, I thought we knew it was just sex," Chris's confidence seemed to waver for the first time in Annie's presence.

"I don't risk my own marriage for just sex Chris, fucking hell," Annie cried.

"Okay look, it's clear we want different things here. If you don't want to do this anymore, then that's fine," Chris relented.

"Thank you," Annie replied. "And hurry up, unless you want to change these bedsheets."

Chris undid her left hand first, which immediately darted to her peehole. After freeing both her legs, Chris started to unlock the final handcuff when the door burst open. Annie was free but she froze at the sight of four armed men barging their way into the bedroom. The men divided to carry both her and Chris outside, and into the boot of a Land Rover.

###

The journey to the warehouse took half an hour, and for the entire journey, Annie's bladder stung with pain. She was beyond desperate now, she was absolutely bursting for a pee. Her bladder was at capacity, and it was only through sheer willpower that she didn't flood the back of the boot. Next to her was Chris, also desperate for the toilet, who had spent most of the journey quietly sobbing and whispering to himself. At least that's what it sounded like through the tape that covered his mouth. Annie was still naked, but she now looked pregnant, as though her bladder had expanded to the size of a basketball. Every speed bump was a threat to her willpower, but she was determined to hold it, at least until she knew what was going on. As the car ground to a halt, a little spurt leaked out of Annie's peehole, making its way down the boot and slightly dampening Chris's trouser leg.

The boot opened, and one of the masked men grabbed Chris and through him to the floor. As the four men kicked him repeatedly, he lost control of his bladder, urine jetting uncontrollably through his suit trousers, and out onto the warehouse floor, forming a slowly expanding puddle. As Annie sobbed, a little more urine leaked into the boot of the car. Two of the men stopped beating Chris, and came to the boot of the car. Annie tried to scream, but the tape round her mouth muffled her protests. Jets of pee leaked out of her naked body as they carried her to a chair, and handcuffed her arms. She tightly crossed her legs as the need to pee started to become unbearable.

"You fucking bitch!" a familiar voice yelled. The guy removed his balaclava to reveal it was Ryan, the man who she married ten years ago and had two children with.

Annie tried to reply but her response was muffled.

"What?" Ryan asked furiously.

She tried again, before Ryan ripped the tape vigorously. Her bladder throbbed intensely, and the shock of the pain almost opened the floodgates for good. Annie screamed, crossing her legs even tighter. "I said I'm sorry!"

"Not fucking good enough," Ryan replied.

"Look I know I fucked up, and you have every right to be angry, but this is insane Ryan!" Annie sobbed. Her bladder felt as if it was about to consume her.

"I've dedicated my whole life to you, we have fucking kids together, who I look after so you can do the job you love, and this is how you fucking repay me?" Ryan yelled.

"I'm really really sorry," she asked. "Please can you let me use the bathroom?" she begged, as the pressure built to intolerable levels.

"No," Ryan shouted. "Why the fuck would I do anything to make you feel comfortable?" One of the other masked men chuckled as he turned a tap on.

"It didn't mean anything," Annie cried, trying her best to ignore the sound of running water. She looked at Chris, now unconscious and lying in a pool of his own piss. "It was just me being stupid." Her bladder throbbed with a worrying intensity, as she shuffled to try and ease the pressure slightly. "I'm begging you, please let me pee, I've never had to go this bad in my life."

Ryan ignored her. "The cleaner this morning, she's the mum of one of Sasha's best friends. She told me everything. And it's not just you, you're nothing fucking special. Apparently she's caught him with three different women this month."

Annie sobbed, and a long glug of urine escaped her urethra. "My bladder is about to explode."

"He's fucked all our wives," one of the men piped up, before kicking Chris in the face again.

"I'm so sorry, I didn't know he was like this,' Annie cried, her resolve finally starting to slip. The urine flowed out her body slowly at first, but then flooded out with intensity. The little holes on the bottom of the chair created a rainfall effect as Annie finally felt relief. Ryan sobbed, unable to handle his emotions anymore, whilst the other three smirked at the woman in front of them, unable to control her own bladder.

"Didn't realise they were both such fucking babies," one of the men laughed. "You c*nts are going to have to clean this up later."

Annie just held her head down, mortified, but happy to finally be emptying her overflowing organ. The stream eventually slowed to a trickle, and finally stopped. Annie's bladder was empty, but her sense of shame had never been fuller.

"Divorce papers will be in the post," Ryan tried to sound authoritative through the tears, before walking away with the other three, leaving the two adulterers in the warehouse alone.

*016*2022-08-31 14:52

Lagos, Nigeria

"Ade, come on, we're going to be late!" Adesewa's mum shouted from downstairs.

"Coming!" Ade called back. She checked herself in the mirror, adjusting her vibrant yellow dress, and gently applying some moisturiser to her dark skin.

"Hurry up, Ade, I won't let my own daughter make me late for church," her mum yelled.

"I'm coming Mama, we won't be late," Ade sighed. Ade had just turned 19, and yet was no closer to being able to move out of her family home. A brutal combination of being unable to afford to leave, and having an overprotective mother meant that she was unhappy, stuck in a cramped house on the outskirts of Lagos. Some of her friends had managed to get out, leaving to travel the world, and go to university in new, exciting places. Instead, she was here, working in a shop 9-5 and going with her mum to church every Sunday morning. Ade hated church, she wasn't even sure if she believed in God, but could never tell her mum that, for fear of breaking her heart. Instead, she sucked it up every week to sit through three hours of hymns, dancing and scripture. As she ventured downstairs, she was greeted by her parents, her younger brother and sister and her grandmother, all looking frustrated at being made to wait.

"Oh Ade, do you really think that's appropriate for church?" her mum shook her head disapprovingly, presumably referring to her cleavage clearly on show in her tight yellow outfit.

"It's fine Mama, all the girls my age wear stuff like this all the time," Ade rolled her eyes, walking towards the bathroom.

"Where are you going?" her father asked.

"I need to use the restroom," Ade responded.

"No no, we're already late, you'll have to wait," her mum instructed.

Ade groaned, but she knew that there was no point arguing. Besides, they had toilets at the church she'd be able to use, and her need was by no means urgent.

###

"Ugh, why is this taking so long?" Ade moaned, shifting in the back seat of their cramped Hyundai.

"Stop wriggling, you're taking all the space," Ade's seven year old brother complained.

"Be quiet both of you. Ade, we wouldn't be stuck in traffic if we'd left when I wanted to," her dad sternly told them.

"Sorry papa," the two responded in unison. Ade felt uncomfortable, she'd not used the toilet since she woke up at 5am with a bladder ready to explode. It was 9:30am now and she'd had two cups of tea since then, as well as the water bottle which she kept absent-mindedly sipping from. The pressure was starting to build, causing Ade to twist her legs in her seat constantly. This didn't go unnoticed by her brother.

"Ade has to peeee, Ade has to peeee," he taunted in a sing song voice.

"Shut up Azi, and respect your elders," she hissed.

"That's enough you two. I don't know why you think it's okay to speak like that to each other on the Lord's day, but no more!" her mum yelled.

Ade sighed, and tapped her fingers against her legs anxiously, hoping she'd have time to pop to the toilet before the service began.

###

The car pulled up at 9:58am, just in time for the 10am service. Ade breathed a sigh of relief, she could pee, then sit through the three hour service in peace.

"Be quick," her mum shouted, as Ade dashed to the bathroom. In her haste, Ade attempted to barge through the door to the ladies before reading the sign affixed to the door: "TOILETS LOCKED DUE TO VANDALISM". Ade's heart and bladder sank. While her need was fairly large now, in three hours she'd be beside herself. She thought about joining the small queue for the men's toilets, but she had her dignity. She'd just have to deal with it.

"Better?" her mum asked. Ade nodded, not wanting her family to know about her predicament. The six of them took their seats in the middle of the church, and Ade's escape route was quickly blocked by an elderly couple who came to sit down next to them. Ade tried her best to compose herself as the procession came in, resisting the urge to shuffle in her place. As soon as the priests and choir were in their places, everyone sat down, Ade immediately crossing her legs. Tightly.

The first hour went by fairly innocuously, but Ade's bladder continued to inflate, and with two hours to go, she was desperate for the toilet. Sitting still was now very hard, and she was sure that the people around her had noticed. The constant standing up and sitting down was doing her no favours, neither was her tight yellow dress.

"Mama, I have to pee," she heard Azi whisper.

"You can hold it," she told him.

"I can't, I can't," he cried.

"Okay, papa will take you," she instructed. This was is. Ade saw her chance for relief.

"It's okay mama, I'll take him," she said, grabbing his hand. "Come on, let's go!"

Now out of view of the congregation, Ade writhed in desperation as she stood outside the men's toilets waiting for Azi to finish. Being able to hear the stream of pee was not helping her situation, and after establishing there was no one watching, she dug her hands into her crotch to stop the pee that was so determined to make its way out. Finally the toilet flushed, and Ade steadied herself.

"Okay you stay here with me, I'm just going to pee really quickly," she told her brother.

As she started to pull her knickers down, Azi giggled, and darted out of the toilets. "Can't catch me!" he yelled.

Ade roared in frustration. She knew what Azi was like, and knew that he'd run away and get lost if she didn't watch him constantly. Reluctantly, she pulled her knickers back up and chased after her brother. Her aching bladder seared with every step, and sweat dripped down her body as she desperately tried to catch up with Azi. Eventually, she caught up with him, tightly grabbing his wrist.

"Ade has to peeee, Ade has to peeee," he laughed.

"Please Azi, can you promise me you won't run off again? I'm really desperate," she begged, bouncing up and down.

"Ade's going to pee herself, Ade's going to pee herself," he giggled.

"Shut up you little shit," Ade hissed, feeling a painful reminder of how badly she had to go.

"I'm telling mama you said a bad word," Azi grinned evilly.

"No, no, please Azi! I'm really sorry, I just really have to go. Do you think you'd be able to let me use the bathroom?" she begged.

"No, I want to go inside now," Azi dragged her by the hand back towards the church.

Ade's bladder was screaming at her, now absolutely dying for relief. But she knew she couldn't trust Azi to go back to his seat alone, so reluctantly, she took him back inside.

###

By the time the service finished, Ade was absolutely bursting. Her bladder was full to the brim with tea and water, to the extent where even just sitting there was painful. When she stood up to leave, it felt as though she had a watermelon resting on her abdomen. Doubling over to try and stem the tide, her mother showed concern.

"Ade, what's the matter? You've been acting strangely all service."

"I need the bathroom... so badly," Ade could barely speak, worried that focussing on anything but holding it would result in the tsunami inside her bladder leaking onto the church floor.

"I thought you went before," her younger sister queried.

"It was locked," Ade was on the verge of tears, she'd never felt pain like it.

"Go go, quickly, there's toilets in the church hall," her mum ushered her towards the back of the church.

Ade's heart sank as she entered the hall to find a massive queue for the bathroom. Presumably all the ladies in the congregation had been holding it the whole time. Indeed, everyone in the queue seemed to range from desperate to bursting. Ade was probably a level above bursting. Ade wanted to cry, and her bladder let out a drop of pee in retaliation, dripping down her legs and into her shoes. She was unable to stand still, dancing frantically on the spot, or else her gorgeous yellow dress would be ruined. A few of the less desperate people noticed her plight and allowed her to skip a few places, at which Ade muttered a weak 'thank you'. Now second in line, she was next to a gorgeous woman of a similar age, who looked in a similar predicament.

"Come on, come on," the woman begged, trying her best to ignore the sound of the person currently occupying the toilet enjoying what was clearly a much needed wee. "I'm sorry, I'd let you ahead but I'm literally about to wet myself."

Ade nodded. "That's okay."

"Oh my God I think a bit just leaked out," she whispered. "I'm sorry, too much information."

"Don't worry, I'm about to piss myself too," Ade whimpered, as a long hot jet of urine left her exhausted urethra.

As the toilet became vacant, the woman burst in, forgetting to lock the door. Hearing her start to urinate was more than Ade could take, as she was forced to take drastic action.

"I'm so sorry," she said as she barged into the bathroom. The woman gasped and tried to hide her modesty, as she continued to forcefully urinate into the bowl. Seeing only one option, Ade pulled her knickers down, hitched her skirt up and sat on top of the sink.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh," she exclaimed, as eight hours worth of pee exploded out of her urethra and into the sink. She didn't care that this woman she'd never met was now looking at her naked pussy expelling an extreme amount of piss. This was relief like she'd never felt before, and she loved it. The woman flushed, and stood by the sink, almost in admiration at how much pee she was able to produce. Ade's moans were so loud that people outside were probably wondering what was going in there. She eventually finished, and her new friend passed her some toilet paper to wipe herself.

"I'm so sorry, that was so embarrassing, but I couldn't wait a second longer," Ade laughed.

"Don't worry about it, I thought I was going to wet myself in the church," the woman laughed. "I'm Omolara by the way."

"Adesewa," she replied, smiling. "I'll maybe wash my hands first," she added, laughing.

Once the two had cleaned up, they exited the bathroom, to allow a bursting and angry looking woman in. "Well Omolara, maybe I'll see you around," Ade smiled.

"Maybe you will," Omolara winked.

*017*2022-10-25 11:09

Santiago, Chile

Carla Garin wiped another bead of sweat from her forehead, wrinkled by the stress of working in Chile's busiest hospital. The aircon was faulty - again, and staff shortages meant that Carla was doing the job of three people - again. Her shift was nine hours old, and she was due a break three hours and 46 minutes ago. Not that she was counting. Her steak sandwich remained in her locker, uneaten, next to her can of Coca-Cola Zero. Desperate for a drink, Carla glugged from her water bottle, making sure to make use of the rare moments she had to herself. It was the sixth year of Carla's seven year medical degree, and she'd been working at Santa Maria hospital since last week.

In that week, she'd been bled on, pissed on, shat on, vomited on, had a patient die on the operating table, saved a man's life, rescued an aubergine stuck up someone's arse, cried 20 times, thrown up twice, and held her pee for an unhealthy amount of time every day. No week had brought her closer to the brink of giving up than this one. But she'd come too far, dealt with too much shit to let go of her dream. As she finished her water bottle, she tried to remember the last time she went to the toilet. She suspected it was when she left her tiny one bedroom flat to come to work, now seven hours ago.

"Carla, scalpel!" her senior doctor demanded. "Fucking now!" Carla snapped out of her dazed stupor and remembered the task at hand: making sure this lady's appendix is removed safely. She sometimes felt like a rabbit in the headlights when working in A&E, helplessly watching whilst other more senior surgeons do the hard work. She felt a desperate pang in her bladder, could she just excuse herself to go to the bathroom? She'd seen other doctors do it, but she felt a need to prove herself, that she can hold her urine longer than anyone else.

She grew up in a house with three brothers and two sisters, with only one bathroom, so she was more than used to holding her pee in. She remembered countless times where her bladder had been stretched beyond what she thought was hospital because one of her siblings had decided to take a two hour long bath, or when she'd wake up, on the verge of exploding, only to find herself seventh in a queue of seven. It was rare that she shared a room with a more impressive bladder. And yet her senior doctor, Julia Gonzalez, was so well known for her pee holding ability, that she knew about her before even starting at the hospital.

Everyone at a Chilean medical school knew the legend of Julia Gonzalez. How she would charm every single patient she worked with, yet be utterly terrifying to anyone who worked with her. How she seemed to never tire, even after twenty-five years working at the same hospital. But it was her bladder capacity that everyone always spoke about. Some say she'd never used the toilets in the hospital, even after a twelve hour shift. Others say she once worked for twenty four hours, without peeing, eating or sitting down.

There was even one story about how a junior doctor went to use the bathroom stall next to her, after Julia had finished seventeen hour shift, where she peed for four minutes straight with 'so much force that she could have broken the toilet bowl in two. Carla had been working with her for a week now and had yet to see her use the toilet, or even show any need to. She remembered a few days ago, they both finished a ten hour shift - Carla was absolutely dying for a wee, so ran to the loo as soon as she could. When she came out, Julia rolled her eyes at her, grabbed her bag and drove herself home.

###

An hour later, the operation was done, and Carla's bladder felt significantly heavier. She resisted the urge to squirm, but she desperately hoped she'd be able to nip out quickly to relieve herself. The heat was stifling, and Carla had now finished three water bottles, on top of the large coffee she had on the way to work. She longed to rip her scrubs off, and release the torrent of urine that sat in her bladder, knocking on the door of her urethra with increasing urgency. Julia must have noticed Carla's discomfort.

"New girl, go pee. We don't want your baby bladder causing any more mess in here," Julia smirked.

Carla's face reddened, disheartened by her mentor's harsh words, and the laughs of the other doctors in the room. Her eyes welling with tears, she left the operating theatre without saying a word. She couldn't believe that someone she respected so much would speak to her like that, to humiliate her in front of her colleagues. Were she not so desperate, she'd have responded with a sassy comeback, but the fullness of her bladder was affecting her brainpower. Her peehole quivered as she saw the sign for the ladies toilets, but she resisted the urge to sprint towards relief.

"Excuse me?" a little girl, no older than eight, interrupted Carla.

Carla clenched everything "Are you okay gorgeous?"

"Can you help me find my mummy, I've lost her," the girl cried.

Carla forced herself to park her own desires for a minute. "Of course, do you remember where she was?" Having this conversation so close to the toilets was torture for her aching organ, now perilously close to an explosion. She bent down slightly to speak to the child, and had to clench everything to avoid wetting herself there and then. She had no choice but to hold herself.

"We were waiting for my dad to get out, I think we were over here somewhere," the girl pulled Carla towards one of the waiting rooms.

They checked waiting room after waiting room, with Carla growing increasingly more exasperated. Her distended bladder was absolutely bursting with urine, and every step was torture. Carla was pretty sure her panties were damp, but she couldn't tell whether it was her pee, or her sweat. Yet she had to pretend everything was fine to the upset little girl, who was just looking for her mum. After what felt like hours, they eventually found a teary and very grateful mother.

"Thank you so much," the mother squeezed Carla tightly, causing an involuntary yelp, as a spurt of piss escaped her exhausted urethra. She was sure that anyone who looked would see a streak of dark blue on the turquoise leg of her scrubs.

Carla didn't even say anything to the mother, she just ran, as quickly as she could, to get to the toilets. Finding the closest bathroom, she locked herself in, practically ripping off her scrubs, before sitting down on the toilet, too tired to even pull her panties down. She groaned as her bladder started to slowly deflate, feeling her panties fill with warm piss, and hearing it hit the basin of the toilet with an almost comical loudness. She ignored someone desperately banging on the door outside as she felt bliss, all the pain of the past eleven hours melting away. When she could pee no more, she pulled her panties off, placing them in the bin, before pulling her scrubs up and washing her hands. Opening the door, she saw something no one knew was possible. It was Julia Gonzalez, standing outside the toilet, red faced and head down. She'd wet herself, on a corridor occupied by doctors and patients alike.

"I'm sorry Julia, that was nearly me," Carla showed fake sympathy towards her senior. "Baby bladder," she added under her breath.
