A Fresh New Start

Author: Night Rain

*000*2017-02-18 22:37

I've decided to try out writing again by creating something new. This can be seen as a sort of prolog for an upcoming project I might be doing so I thought I'd take the time to create a little adventure and tale about a certain character of mine. If anyone remembers the story of the Juniper Triplet's which was created by @Tapris-chama.

Several years ago you either might or. Might not remember another character by the name of Brooke which also starred in the story. So this creation of mine is the tale of her arrival in her new hometown of Rose Creek.

It was the very start of August when the Miller Family arrived in Rose Creek. Having packed up all their belongings and traveled here for a fresh new start for both the father and daughter. Of the family what is the reason for the move you might ask? You see the girl's father Mike workers as an Architect in which he designs buildings, houses, shopping centers and various other things. He was recently offered a new job in the creation of a ten story high rise office building that was to be built. Within the middle of the town where an old factory was once located. Mike had quickly expected the new job offer though he learned that it would involve the family having to move. From the United States over to England where the project was set to begin in a few months time.

Mike thought that this would be a great opportunity for him. He talked it over long with his wife Keira who in time also agreed that this was a great idea, though. She had some bad feelings about what her daughter would think about this whole idea. They spent many nights talking about this very subject their daughter and how she would handle things that being the whole moving process, Living a new life in England, Making new friends, going to a new school, getting over her current emotional and bodily problems. It was a rather long and hard fought discussion between the two of them.

Their daughter Brooke had been going through a very tuff time this entire past year. She was being bullied all the time at school. Over something that happened in Math Class. Along with various other things that she had started to lose control over. That being the poor girl was starting to have accidents during school. Which often led to teasing and being made fun of but there is still more to this. The one major thing that is making Brooke a complete and utterly emotional wreck at present is the loss of her dearest and closest friend Amy.

Who just recently passed away in March of the year. This has caused Brooke to enter into a severe case of depression which has led her to become withdrawn from life. Where she spends every waking moment in her room alone. Crying over the loss of her friend as they were very close. Also during this four month time period before the move Brooke's accidents had been getting fairly worse due to the entire stress that she was currently going through.

Even her school life was starting to suffer her grades which had been fair. Good for the entire year were starting to fall the daily teasing and bullying she was suffering. Was also getting worse as Amy who often stood up for Brooke was no longer around to do so. Things were getting so bad at school and at home that Brooke had to be pulled out of school. So Keira home schooled Brooke for the last two and a half months of the school year.

When Brooke finally heard the news of the impending move she wasn't. Sure on how to take it or even what to say. She didn't want to move to a new country she wanted to remain where she was. She wanted Amy to come back into her life she wanted to mainly be with her friend again. Both Mike and Keira had started to send Brooke to see a psychiatrist to help her come to terms with Amy's passing. Along with trying to explain how this very move might do Brooke some good.

It would be a fresh start for her a new place where Brooke would be able to spread. Her wings and live life to it's fullest once again. They wanted to see their daughter happy once more not all sad and depressed like she had been these past few months. So, in the end, Brooke agreed with the move though still had her doubts over things. So, in the end, the family packed up their things, sold their home in California and flew across the Atlantic Ocean to their new home and a new beginning.

*003*2017-02-19 18:07

Here is the second part.

So, it was at 10:20pm on a late July 31st. That the Miller family left SFO and started on their journey to the United Kingdom. On their way there Brooke had not one but two accidents the first one was a couple of hours into the flight. Having drank two sodas and then had fallen asleep only for the sweet young girl. To start to dream about her late friend Amy the dream had been about the happy times. That both girl's had spent together from going to the beach, movies, shopping mall, anime conventions, family vacations, etc. Only for Brooke suddenly wet herself without warning. Flooding her white panties with fresh warm pee and completely soaking. The crotch of her yellow shorts and forming a small puddle underneath her.

Brooke was then awoken by her mother who explained things gently. To Brooke that she had just had an accident this horrified Brooke and caused. Her to break down into tears and start to cry softly at what had just happened to her. Her mother and father were used to this and had seen this happen before. It was one of the side effects to Brooke's accidents that she would wet herself without warning. Whenever her thoughts turned to Amy which was rather frequently.

"Honey, I believe we should help you get cleaned up would. You like a clean pair of clothes and some of your 'protection'?" Keira whispered to Brooke. Keira had whispered the last part to her daughter so that no one else. On the plane would hear Brooke who was still embarrassed about her accident. Could only nod her head in shame as Keira went about opening the overhang compartment. Then pulled out a small clothing bag which had some of Brooke's clothes and other items inside. She told Brooke to go get cleaned up while she explained things to the stewardess.

Brooke quickly took the bag and headed towards the restroom. Where to her luck she was able to enter inside and lock the door behind her. Brooke then opened her bag and took out a fresh batch of clothes that was a pink short skirt that reached. Just a few inches above the knee and a new pair of underwear. As she looked at the new pair she felt ashamed at having to wear something like this a girl her age of 13. Shouldn't be having accidents let alone having to wear protection. So, Brooke after taking off her wet clothes and cleaning herself down the best she could place her new clothes on. Then put her stuff back into her bag and left the restroom. Where she rejoined her family for the last part of the journey.

Having fallen back asleep was a good thing for her as well as her family. As they were all pretty tired and needed their sleep. Brooke's second accident wasn't as bad as the first one was it was during when the plane had stopped in Reykjavik Keflavik, Iceland to refuel and let the passengers off the plane to stretch their legs. Brooke had been feeling the need to pee again even before she had gotten off the plane and asked her parents that she needed to use the little girl's room.

As the Miller family walked off the plane Brooke in her haste suddenly stopped. When she had seen all of the snow outside of one of the airports windows. She had stopped to admire the beautiful scene before her. When she felt the first leak leave her body and dampen her underwear. Quickly she made her way to the bathroom where she took care of her business before rejoining her family once more.

It was about an hour later that everyone was allowed back on the plane again. Taking their seats the flew the last few hours and arrived at London's Gatwick, airport at 8:05pm on August 1st. Taking their belongings off the plane Mike made a call to one of the delivery companies which had gotten the majority of their stuff. About a week in advance he learned that their stuff had been delivered to their new house in Rose Creek and would. Be awaiting them upon their arrival there Mike thanked the person he had spoken with and hung up the phone before letting Brooke and Keira know of the news.

It was also discussed that they would be staying overnight in London tonight before. Making their way to Rose Creek the following day. So with that agreed upon the family left the airport and went in search of a hotel

*005*2017-02-20 01:27

You're still writing just differently from me.

The JT's. Might show up but I am not so sure just yet. As there is still some reaseach I need to do on a few things. Before I can write on the next part of this.

*006*2017-02-24 17:53

The Miller family had to spend at least a couple of hours. Searching for a hotel that had any vacancies available as it was still the middle of tourist season in London. So finding a room for the night was rather hard but in the end. They were able to get a place for the night and then after taking showers they settled down for the night. Both Mike and Keira were able to go to sleep fairly easy. But Brooke had a hard time with doing so she had never slept in another country before let alone a country that was now her home. She tossed and turned most of the night thankful not to have fallen asleep. As she most likely would have dreamt about Amy once more and had an accident. So, Brooke remained awake for about two hours after her parents had fallen asleep and then fell asleep herself. The rest of the time passed rather swiftly and soon enough it was morning once more.

Everyone awoke at the same time around 8 am and got ready for breakfast. Brooke who had awoken wet like usual was the first one into the bathroom that morning. To take a shower and get cleaned up, after around twenty minutes of doing so. And being dried off the best that she could Brooke got dressed in a fresh batch of new clothes. That being a black short sleeved t-shirt and a matching pair of black tights which underneath that she wore some of her protection which was a white and pink training pull-up that young girls her age wore.

Who suffered from some form of urinary incontinence after her parents had taken their turns in the bathroom everyone packed up and headed down for a quick meal of bacon, eggs, toast and sausage before leaving and making their way to their new open in Rose Creek. Which was about a two-hour journey by car to the southwest of London they ended up in Rose Creek about noon then following the directions towards their new house were able to find it located just a short distance away from downtown.

Their home which was a nice two story house which was surrounded by several tall pine trees. Was located in the back of a cul-de-sac like street the house itself was made out of red bricks. It was the largest house on the street and as the Miller family stepped out of their car and looked at their new home. Her parents talked amongst themselves as Brooke looked around the neighborhood. It was fairly small much smaller than what she was used to Brooke didn't really care for it all that much and wished to be back at her old home in America. As she turned to look back at the house Brooke soon spotted a young girl walking along the sidewalk. She had ash-blonde hair and green eyes the girl in question was dressed a yellow floral dress with white socks and pink and white trainers. In her right hand, she was carrying a small brown paper bag which contained a couple of books she had just recently purchased from the local bookstore.

As the girl approached closer Brooke couldn't help but get the feeling of nervousness within her. As she didn't know if the girl would say hello as she passed or even stop for a chat. But the girl did stop suddenly as her eyes caught sight of Brooke looking at her.

"Hi," She said in greeting to Brooke.

"H-Hi..." Brooke finally said fairing quietly.

With her nervousness growing she was feeling the urge to pee and wished this girl would move on. Soon enough she did so, waving goodbye to Brooke as she headed on her way home Brooke quickly left the area and headed into the house.

*007*2017-02-25 17:59

Brooke had now entered the small hallway that led from the main door. Into the living room that was currently bare yet filled with various boxes and furniture that had been placed. Thereby the moving company that had helped deliver their stuff to the home. As she stood there her nervousness from before began to die down.

"W-why did I say H-Hi to that girl?" Brooke asked herself.

It was the first time she had really said anything to anyone other people. Her age in quite a long time it felt odd and totally weird to her. Brooke wasn't sure of what to make of it and turned around and opened the door. To see if the young girl was still outside to her credit the girl was gone which caused Brooke to close the door behind her. She stood alone for a few minutes thinking about the random encounter she just had. Until she was called into the living room by her mother.

"Brooke, do you have a moment?" Keira asked.

Brooke shook her head of the thoughts and walked into the front room. Where her mother was busy unpacking a few of the boxes.

"Honey, if you'd be so kind and take a look at your room you can. Start unpacking your stuff it's the first door to the right after you've walked up the stairs." Keira told her.

"Okay, mom," Brooke says.

She left her mother alone and headed upstairs and after moving past more boxes. She found the door to her room and opened it. Brooke's room was far larger than her old room back in the States. Her bed was located in the center of the room, to the left and right sides of the room were large windows. That had their drapes currently closed near one of the windows was her desk. Which was in the shape of a right angle and looked like the letter 'L' several boxes sat upon the desktop while several others were all. Scattered across the room itself and held her stuff as she looked around at all of the boxes scattered about she wondered which ones to open first. As they were labeled with various names of what belonged inside of them.

Her first box to open was one marked clothes which were about five boxes altogether. Stuffed with various types of clothes she had bought over the past couple of years. Before her sudden change in personality, Brooke liked to go shopping and as she opened her first box and took out was a nice black silk dress that belonged to the 'Belladonna Baby' line of children's fashion. She had liked these various types of clothes but soon things changed she walked over to the other side of her room. Where she opened up the closet door to reveal her own walk in closet. Walking inside she looked around deciding on a spot to put the clothes and went about her work.

