The Trapped Lady

Author: nononono

*000*2025-07-03 18:30

I 

"Ez, please stop here, I'm about to wee myself," Annie moaned, the seatbelt viciously digging into her swollen bladder. 

"Okay okay, I'm dying for a piss too," Ez admitted, after four hours driving with no breaks and plenty of water. 

Ez parked the car, almost forgetting to apply the handbrake, such was the urgency of their situation. The Trapped Lady was to be the location of their relief, a quaint English pub in the middle of nowhere. The two best friends were only ten minutes away from the campsite they'd booked to spend the May bank holiday weekend in, but they could wait no longer. Every step closer to salvation felt that little bit more difficult, as they felt the full weight of the recycled water, coffee and Diet Coke begging for release. Annie had been desperate to pee since Stonehenge, almost an hour and a half ago. She would have brought up her need sooner, but Ez had made it very clear she only wanted to stop in an emergency. After an hour of constantly crossing and recrossing her legs, desperately contorting herself in any way to feel comfortable, Annie admitted her dilemma. Ez, stubborn as ever, told her to hold it, in spite of her own situation. But even Ez's monster bladder had reached its limits, and she knew if she didn't stop there and then, she'd have to pay to get her car seat cleaned. 

The Trapped Lady was exactly how you'd expect. A dingy pub, with only a handful of locals sipping their ales, all of whom could barely keep their eyes off of the two pretty 20-somethings who stumbled in, clutching their crotches for dear life. The barman, a balding bloke in his 60s, looked baffled as Annie and Ez walked towards him, their eyes darting around desperately. 

"Where's your loo? I promise we'll buy something," Ez bounced up and down on the spot, as if to prove her desperation was genuine. She noticed him staring at her tits as they bounced up and down, but her situation was too dire to bring it up. 

"Through that door and on the right," the barman pointed. 

"Thank you thank you thank you," Annie squealed, a drop of wee escaping into her panties as she did this. 

'Fuck, there's only one toilet," Ez exclaimed as she flung the door open. 

"Please let me go first, I'm absolutely bursting," Annie felt another drop leak out. 

"Me too, plus I drank more coffee than you," Ez protested. 

"You and me both know you've got a stronger bladder than me," Annie had now positioned herself so she was closer to the toilet. "I promise I'll be quick!" 

And with that, Annie had locked the door. Ez heard the desperate sounds of Annie fumbling with her belt, before the brunette finally freed herself, yanking down her knickers and releasing a torrent of urine into the bowl. Ez tried to block out all the noise: the moans, the hiss, the steady stream of water trickling into the water below. She gasped as her normally robust bladder threatened to let her down, a small spurt of pee escaping into her previously pristine purple panties. Looking up, she noticed a quaint toilet door sign, the sort you often saw in this type of pub. The sign looked like a picture from a Victorian children's book, showing a young woman clutching herself, as if desperate for the loo. Ez may well have been looking in a mirror, the lady in the sign even having blonde hair and a look of distress to match. 

"Annie, hurry up. I'm literally going to piss myself," Ez groaned. 

Good god, Annie could pee. Annie was the sort of person who'd ask to stop at every motorway service station so she could pee. Annie was the sort of person who'd pissed in every alleyway during her time at university. Annie was the sort of person who wet themselves on Nemesis Inferno when she was 21 and still hasn't quite lived it down. 

Whereas Ez was the sort of person who used to go entire days without peeing at school just to avoid the bathrooms. Ez was the sort of person who'd look after everyone's coats and bags whilst they went to use the toilet. Ez was the sort of person who once gave herself a UTI after holding it in for 12 hours to win a bet with her twin sister. 

The stream finally slowed down, just as Ez was considering using the men's. Another leak escaped as she tried to stand up straight. She'd not needed the loo this badly since winning £20 from her sister for holding it all day. She bounced on the spot, now literally jamming her left hand to ease the pressure on her pee hole, as another intense wave of desperation hit her. A hot trickle of urine seeped through her panties as she heard the toilet flush. 

"OPEN THE FUCKING DOOR!" Ez yelled. 

The door unlocked and Ez bolted to the loo, sat down and let loose. Such was her relief she didn't notice the door was wide open. Such was her relief that she didn't notice she'd failed to pull her knickers down. 

"Annie, the door," she hissed, as her friend washed her hands, still in a euphoric state of post-wee bliss. 

"Sorry," Annie blushed. Ez looked like she was about to cum as what felt like litres exited her body. She didn't care that her panties were now drenched. Annie pretended not to notice the moans she let out. 

"Fuck. Me." Ez exclaimed as she finally finished her piss. She stood up, holding her skirt up to show Annie her soaked panties. "Guess these will have to go." Annie turned away, but couldn't help but glimpse Ez in the mirror, peeling off her knickers, revealing her shaved pussy. Annie had always assumed she was more of a 'free the bush' kind of person, but she couldn't quite articulate why. Ez disposed of her panties in the bin, and pulled her skirt down. 

"Right!" Ez clapped her hands together. "I need a pint." 


*001*2025-07-03 20:13

II 

It was a bitterly cold January. The sort of cold that only mad people would venture out in. Holly and Jack were those mad people. The sun was out for the first time that year, so the two were determined to make a day of it. The two lovers had been for a Sunday roast at the Black Bull, and were now walking along the moors to a new pub that had just opened, The Trapped Lady. The walk was about three hours long, but they were determined to make the most of the sunshine. After all, they both quit their high flying jobs in the city to spend more time in nature. Two hours into the walk, the laughing and cuddling had turned into prolonged silences and impatience. 

"How much further Jacky?" Holly asked, a hint of frustration in her voice. 

"Erm, about an hour I think," he replied, trying to make sense of the Ordinance Survey map in front of him. 

"Urgh," Holly moaned, rolling her eyes. 

"What's up?" Jack asked. 

"I just... I should have weed before we left the pub," Holly admitted, blushing slightly. 

Jack laughed "Classic!" 

"Jack!" Holly jokingly shoved him. "I'm serious, I'm desperate for a piss." 

"Go on then," Jack gestured to the moors. "Nature's toilet." 

Holly bit her lip and bounced slightly as she looked around. "No I can't, it's too cold." 

"Are you sure?" Jack asked. "Still a while to go." 

"I'll hold it," Holly replied, unconvincingly. 

The two continued on their walk, Holly trying to keep the conversation going to distract herself from the growing pressure in her bladder. But the beer from lunch, plus the water she'd drunk on the walk was starting to become a more serious issue. 

"Jack, where even is this pub? I swear it's been an hour now," Holly asked. 

"Yeah, erm, so I think we made a wrong turning," he muttered. 

Holly raised an eyebrow "You mean you led us the wrong way?" 

"It does seem that way, yes," Jack sheepishly admitted. 

"Fucking hell Jack," she hissed. 

"What's your problem?" he asked. 

"I'm absolutely dying for a wee," she cried, fighting back tears. 

"Okay, so just go here. I can keep guard," he suggested. 

"It's so cold Jacky, I swear my bum will get frostbite," she replied, clutching her pussy in desperation. 

"It'll take like one minute," Jack tried to reason. 

"No," she snapped. "I can hold it. Just, let's pick up the pace a bit." 

--- 

An hour passed. The sun had now set, and Holly was on the brink. Every step was now a test for her bladder. The two hadn't spoken properly for half an hour, bar Holly vocalising her desperation. 

"God, I am in AGONY," Holly cried. 

"Look, there's the pub!" Jack exclaimed. 

"Fucking finally," she sighed. "My bladder is about to burst." 

The thought of relief was almost too much for Holly and she had to clench everything to avoid wetting her jeans right there and there. She gasped as a spurt of wee leaked out, running down her leg. 

"Oh god, I'm about to piss myself," she cried. 

"Just a bit further," Jack promised. 

"I've never needed a wee this badly in my life," she cried. 

"I did tell you to piss before we..." 

"Not the fucking time," she yelled, as another drop leaked out. 

Jack reached the door "Oh shit." 

"What??" Holly shouted, bent over and clutching herself for dear life. 

"We have a slight problem," Jack pushed the locked door to demonstrate. "It doesn't open till tomorrow. I must have misread the dates." 

"You're a fucking idiot," Holly was practically screaming. "But I can't hold on any longer, I'm absolutely bursting." 

"Look, there's no one else around," Jack checked his surroundings. "Just go here." 

Holly reluctantly accepted her fate. "I guess I have no choice." 

"I'll keep watch," Jack answered, as Holly went to seek her relief. 

Round the corner of the pub, Holly unbuttoned her jeans, a tsunami of urine ready to leave her bladder. As she started to pull her panties down, a voice cried out. 

"I wouldn't do that if I were you," a deep voice cried out. 

"Jack, fuck off," she moaned. 

"Were you about to defile this building?" the voice moved closer, and Holly became aware of a shadowy figure walking towards her. 

"Look mate, I'm sorry but I'm about to explode," she cried, pulling her panties and jeans up. 

A strange green glow appeared around Holly, the shadowy figure now inches away from her face. The pressure in her bladder was unbearable at this point. She knew she had no choice but to wet herself. She closed her eyes and tried to relax. Nothing. Fear engulfed her. 

"Okay, look don't worry. I'll go somewhere else," she tried to move but found her legs were frozen to the spot. Every fight or flight instinct was trying to release her bladder, and yet not even a drop leaked out. "Please, help me!" 

"This is a sacred spot, you really shouldn't be urinating here," the voice whispered. Holly looked at the figure but could not make out a face. She tried again to pee, but nothing came out. Her bladder felt like it was on fire. 

"I wasn't... I won't, please, where's Jack?" she begged. 

"Don't worry, I'll make sure there's no risk of you urinating on yourself or this building ever again," the figure proclaimed, as he lifted up what looked like a magic wand. 

And with one swish, Holly was no more. 



*003*2025-07-08 17:34

III 

The storm was unexpected, to say the least. Over the past few weeks, Ez and Annie's WhatsApp messages consisted mainly of screenshot from the BBC Weather app, showing wall to wall sunshine. Even this morning, the forecast predicted a 0% chance of rain. Yet now, with the deluge of rain showing no signs of stopping, the girls were reluctantly checked into a room upstairs in the pub, which apparently doubled as a very small B & B. So small they were the only guests. 

"Right, let's get shitfaced," Ez resolved, sensing Annie's disappointment at the turn of events. "Take advantage of pints that don't cost £10." 

Annie sighed, "I guess so." 

They headed downstairs, freshly showered and changed. Ez wore tight blue jeans and a black and white striped t shirt whilst Annie wore a denim dungarees, with a yellow t shirt. After grabbing their pints, they found a corner of the pub and settle in for the night. 

"Cheers," Ez held up her glass to Annie's. 

"Cheers," Annie replied, clinking glasses. 

"You know you're not actually meant to do that," Ez chuckled. "It's uncouth." 

"What, clinking glasses?" Annie asked. "And since when do you care about being 'uncouth'?" she added in a mocking accent. 

"That etiquette guy on TikTok said it," Ez rolled her eyes. 

"Yeah, well wonder what the etiquette guy says about leaving pissy knickers in bathroom bins," Annie laughed. 

"Annie, stopppppp," Ez's face flushed red with embarrassment. "I can't believe I actually pissed myself. I never piss myself, I'm not you." 

"Fuck off, when have I ever pissed myself?" Annie scoffed. "Apart from Nemesis Inferno?" she added before Ez could open her mouth. 

"Mate, you told me you wet yourself during your half marathon and that was only a month ago," Ez smiled. 

"Doesn't count, I was chasing a PB and didn't have time to stop." 

"During that lecture we had at uni where we all went for pints before, I deffo saw a wet patch on your jeans." 

Annie blushed. "I told you, I spilt my water bottle." 

"Annie, no one believes that story. You literally spent the entire lecture texting us how badly you had to piss." 

Annie smirked, "The point is, today I made it to the toilet, and the 'biggest bladder in Norfolk' didn't." 

"Technically I did make it to the toilet," Ez pointed out. "And the only reason you didn't was because I let you go first. You were 1000% already starting to wet yourself before you got to the loo." 

"Well I guess we'll just have to agree to disagree on that one." 

The conversation moved on, to what they planned to do over the weekend, to whether Annie was going to go on a second date, to what they were going to eat. The two plumped for burger and chips, as well as two more pints. 

"Budge up," Annie said, standing up from the corner of their booth. 

"Why?" Ez asked, sipping from her pint. 

"Er, cos I need a slash?" Annie responded, still waiting for Ez to move. 

"Interesting," Ez laughed. 

"What?" 

"All that bravado about having a better bladder than me, and yet you're already breaking the seal," Ez teased. "Pathetic." 

The fiercely competitive Annie sat back down. "Actually you know what, it's fine. I'm not desperate." She took another sip of her beer, as if to prove a point to herself. 

--- 

Annie's bladder winced as Ez came back with a fourth round of drinks. She should have known better than to get in a holding contest with Ez Simmonds. This was a woman who once flew from London to Singapore without a single toilet break. This was a woman who would buy the largest Diet Coke possible at the cinema, and then go home after the film without using the Odeon loos. This was a woman who, if pushed right now, would admit she kind of had to pee. Whereas Annie was absolutely busting. 

"Thanks Ez," she said through gritted teeth. 

"Hey no problem," Ez replied. She glanced over at Annie, who was unable to sit without crossing her legs tightly. "You know, you may as well admit defeat. I could do this for another three hours." 

"I'm fine," Annie lied, her bladder pulsating as it reached breaking point. 

"Okay," Ez laughed. "You know this reminds me of a funny story. Did I tell you about the time me and my sister went on a boat trip in Croatia?" 

"No," Annie shifted again, and subtly dug her hand into her crotch. 

"Oh it's a good one! So we were doing this boat trip around some of the beaches in Croatia. We'd been drinking all day and we were running late for the boat, so we didn't have time to pee. About five minutes in, we both realised this was a mistake, and we're in agony, like absolutely bursting to go. We begged the driver to let us use the loo, but he said there wasn't one and we'd have to wait an hour until the boat ride finished. So we're in trouble, it's us and a load of random older couples, and we've literally both never needed a piss so badly. Eventually Mads says she can't hold it and she just starts wetting herself. I'm sat there, so so desperate to pee, and I just see this wet patch spread across her shorts, and I think 'you fucker'. I try to do the same, but my body just won't let me, so I have to wait another half hour, practically crying because I have to piss so badly, whilst all I can here is splashing waves and Mads telling me how much better she felt after peeing. By the time we stopped, I could barely stand up. In the end, I climbed off the boat, went straight into the sea, and..." she made sure to make eye contact with Annie for this bit. "Ahhhhhhhh it was the best piss I've EVER had in my life. Honestly I felt like my soul left my body. The relief..." 

Annie could hear no longer, as a spurt of wee escaped her exhausted urethra. "Okay fine you win, let me out, I'm about to explode," she cried with a real genuine hint of urgency. 

"See you in ten minutes." As Annie waddled to the toilet, Ez scrolled her sister's Instagram. Still the same as the last time she looked, no posts since December 2021, a picture of the two of them celebrating Christmas back at home. She remembered being really annoyed that she'd borrowed one of her jumpers without asking that day. God, she would do anything to feel that again. 

Meanwhile, Annie was doing everything she could not to have a full blown accident outside the toilets. Someone was using the ladies, strange as they hadn't seen any other women in the pub. After two minutes of agonising desperation, and with spurts of urine escaping her exhausted bladder with regularity now, she was forced to bang on the door, her pet peeve. 

"Please can you hurry up? It's an emergency," she yelled. No response. "Hello, I'm seriously about to wet myself." No response. 

Dignity was no longer a concern for Annie, that ship had sailed. So she made her way into adjacent men's toilets. Her eyes darted around. Only one stall and it was being used. A trough of urinals faced her, entirely vacant. Was she really about to do this? Another leak reminded her that she had no choice. Praying that the man didn't finish in the stall, she started to unbutton her dungarees. She pulled her dungarees down to knee height, and was about to pull her panties to one side when a voice stopped her. 

"I hope you're not doing what I think you're doing," the deep voice boomed. 

Face turning crimson, Annie pulled her dungarees back up, crossing her legs in desperation. "I'm really sorry, I'm just absolutely bursting for a wee and there was someone in the ladies and I just had to-" It was too late. The stream had started, first pooling in the crotch of her panties, before soaking her bum and diverging into seperate streams down each leg. Her relief was immense but so too was her fear. 

"You shouldn't have done that," the booming voice admonished her, sounding closer than before. Annie couldn't bear to look. 

"Please, I promise I'll clean it up," Annie cried, the stream showing no signs of stopping. 

A green glow engulfed the bathroom. Before Annie could think to turn round, the man was there, inches from her face. She stared into the faceless figure, still releasing what felt like litres of piss into her dungarees. She tried to scream but nothing came out. 

"Who are you?" she whispered. 

"You'll pay a big price for that, Annie Jackson," the faceless figure warned. 

Annie tried to clench the stream of pee that was leaving her body, but nothing she did was working. The figure swished a wand, and now Annie was naked. Instinctively, she grabbed one hand to cover her breasts, whilst placing her other hand over her pussy. The stream continued. Annie tried once more to yell for help, but now her voice was completely gone. Another swish of the wand, and the Annie Jackson of old was no more. 



*007*2025-07-11 16:43

IV 

Day 1275. Or at least Holly thought it was. Day 1275 ish. 1275(ish) days without fresh air. 1275(ish) days without talking to anyone. 1275(ish) days without taking a piss. She observed her surroundings. Lots of typos here, she thought, reading the 'Open Mic Night' poster which had been blue tacked to the wall earlier that morning. Still, in 8(ish) days, she'd be able to hear the finest drunks in Devon 'singging' whilst enjoying 2 for 1 'coktails' and £10 'bugrers'. In her 1275(ish) days imprisoned, Holly had watched the rise and fall of The Trapped Lady. Ever since that fateful day when the faceless man swished his wand, Holly had been confined within a toilet door sign. More specifically, the sign at the top of the ladies toilet. Yet she remained frozen in the state she was in at the time of the encounter, her bladder still achingly full, but with no way of relieving the pressure. For those who reached the door of the ladies loo, they would see an image which looked like something out of a Victorian picture book. An animated young woman clutching herself in agony, with the backdrop of a forest behind her. Holly always assumed the implication was that the lady would relieve her bursting bladder in the woods. And yet 1275(ish) days later, Holly had yet to reach the woods. 

Over time, she had grown used to the feeling of fullness in her bladder. Her bladder never got fuller, and she knew that in this suspended state, she wasn't causing herself any damage. Or at least she hoped not. She still believed that one day she'd be freed, but she had no idea what that freedom would look like. After all, it had been 1275(ish) days since she ate or drank anything as well. Her existence was a strange one. Extreme monotony, coupled with the agony of a permanently full bladder, and exacerbated by spending the day watching ladies come and go, emptying their bladders. Holly could only see what was going on outside the bathroom. But she heard everything that happened inside. And she'd heard some crazy things. 

She'd heard people spill their darkest secrets. She'd heard a 58 year old telling her friend how she planned to leave her husband for a man thirty years younger. She'd heard a local MP tell what seemed to be a complete stranger that she thought the leader of her party was a cunt. She'd heard women admit they were addicted to cocaine. She'd heard countless women piss, shit and puke in the toilets, sometimes all three at the same time. In the heyday of the Trapped Lady, she'd seen queues form that stretched round the hallway. She'd see women stood outside, bouncing up and down, clutching themselves, banging on the door, doing anything to avoid the embarrassment of wetting themselves. She'd hear phrases that vocalised how she felt every moment of every day "I am DYING for a piss" "Hurry up, I'm bursting", or her personal favourite "If you don't open that door right now, you're going to have to pay for my jeans to be dry cleaned." And yet every single one of these women got their wish. one way or another. And Holly would have to listen. She heard everything, from the frantic unbuckling of belts, the unzipping of jeans, the trickling stream and often, the sighs of relief. One time, Holly swore she heard someone cumming after a particularly euphoric piss. Very occasionally, a woman wouldn't make it, and they'd wet themselves in the queue, or run round the corner, presumably to find somewhere else to have a wee. Holly wondered why none of them were cursed, or why the faceless man had never been back. Maybe they had been cursed in a different way. Holly supposed she'd never know. 

In an attempt to stave off boredom, Holly would make lists. Top 5 films of all time, top 5 favourite meals, top 5 favourite shags, that sort of thing. She liked to reminisce about things she couldn't do any more. The other day, she tried to compile her top five pisses of all time. 

--- 

5. A-Level English exam 

Holly had spent the weekend celebrating her 18th birthday, so she ended up cramming for her English exam late into the night. After several coffees and lots of water to try and keep her awake, she ended up stuck in traffic on the way to her exam, and didn't have time to use the loo beforehand. She spent the entire exam absolutely desperate for a wee, but she had problems answering the questions within the time limit, so she decided to hold it. At the end, she didn't wait to be dismissed, as she knew it would be too late. She bolted for the toilets, and the second she pulled her panties down, her body released a torrent of urine into the bowl. She got an A in the exam. 

4. On the M5 

On the way to go to Glastonbury with her friends, Holly drank one too many beers on the journey. Unfortunately for Holly, they ended up stuck in one of the worst traffic jams she'd ever seen. She watched as men (and a few particularly desperate women) got out of their cars to piss, but she couldn't bring herself to do it. In the end, she realised she had no choice, but the traffic started moving again. Holly decided she could wait until the service station 10 miles away, but after a spurt leaked into her white panties, she changed her mind. Desperately searching for something to urinate in, she eventually plumped for a plastic lunch box. She had to pee so badly that she didn't mind that all her friends, including two guys, caught a glimpse of her vagina, though she felt sheepish when she had to ask Joseph to dump the contents of the box onto the road. 

3. At Glastonbury 

It was a busy weekend for Holly's bladder. Keen to be as close to the front as possible for Billie Eilish, she made her way to the front of the stage early on, and was determined to stay until the evening. Despite trying to limit her intake of liquid, by the time Billie's set started that evening, Holly was about to burst. Realising she had no choice, she subtly pulled her panties down, tried her best to adjust her skirt and weed what felt like a never ending wee in her place. Her friends didn't notice, although quite a lot of her stream ended up running down her legs. 

2. After her first night staying at Jack's 

Holly was 19 when she met Jack, at a club night in Sheffield. The two hit it off immediately and she ended up going back with him to have drunken sex. Afterwards, Holly fell asleep, not realising she hadn't been for her usual pre-bed wee. She woke up at 7am, desperate for the loo, but tried to get back to sleep. After an hour of tossing and turning, she realised she couldn't wait any longer. Completely naked, she slipped out of bed, trying not to wake Jack, before desperately searching for clothes. In the throes of passion, her clothes ended up strewn across the room. After finding her bra and Jack's boxer shorts, she decided that would be enough clothing to venture onto the corridor. She waddled to the bathroom, her bladder throbbing with every step, but her heart sunk when she heard the shower start to run. Clutching herself, she went back to Jack's room. "Jack," she shook him. "Have you got another loo?" He grunted. "Please Jack, I'm busting for a wee." His eyes shot open. "Really?" he smirked. He traced his hand underneath the boxer shorts she was wearing. "Jack, I'm serious, I'm so desperate." His hand ventured through her wiry pubic hair to the opening of her pussy. "Jack!" she giggled. "Stop it, I'm going to burst." But her pussy was so wet. She didn't know what she wanted more, his cock or the toilet. As his fingers started to massage her clit, she had her answer. "Okay, but make it quick, or you're going to have to change the sheets." She guided Jack's member inside her, moaning as he went as deep as possible. Her bladder was so full, and every thrust brought it closer to bursting. A dribble of urine escaped, out of her urethra and running down Jack's shaft. He started to thruster fast and harder, her bladder barely hanging on. As he came, her bladder gave up the ghost, and the floodgates opened. The feeling of Jack's dick inside her, along with the ecstatic relief brought her to the most intense orgasm. The bedsheets and Jack were drenched in her piss. To date, Holly had never had a sexual encounter that good. Holly wondered if she'd ever have sex again. 

--- 

Holly's mind drifted before she could recall her best ever piss. If she ever got to pee again, then that piss would go straight to number one. But her mind drifted because for the first time in a few days, she heard women's voices. They were muffled through the closed door but she was pretty sure she heard someone ask where the loo was. Sure enough, the door at the end of the hallway flung open. The two women ran towards the door, but before Holly could glimpse their faces, one of them flung the door open so she could no longer see. 

"Fuck there's only one toilet," the girl who flung the door open exclaimed. Her voice sounded familiar. 

"Please let me go, I'm absolutely bursting," her friend cried. Join the club, Holly thought. 

"Me too, plus I drank more coffee than you," the first girl said. 

"You and I both know you've got a stronger bladder than me. I promise I'll be quick," the second girl answered. I know both of those voices. 

And as the door locked, Holly realised why. These weren't just any two women, desperately looking for somewhere to pee. This was Ez Simmonds and Annie Jackson. 


*008*2025-07-15 20:26

V 

Ez winced as a cold gust of wind hit her face. A sharp pang from her bladder reminded her that she had to pee. Desperately. Once again, she was outside her sister's flat in Kennington, waiting for her to come down so they could head to the cinema. However, even by Maddie's standards, this was taking the piss. She rang the doorbell again. No response. She rang her phone. No response. She opened up WhatsApp and sent a stream of consciousness to her sister. 

"hurry uppppp I need a wee" 

"actually can you let me in I'm desperate" 

"pls am bout to piss myself" 

"helloooooooo?" 

"ugh you're so annoying" 

Maddie had been active twenty five minutes ago. She thought about messaging her new boyfriend, but they'd only met once and Ez didn't exactly warm to him. She peeked through the window. Their Christmas tree lights were still on, despite the fact it was now midway through January. Cups of coffee left on the table, empty milk carton on the side. The flat looked exactly how she expected. The whole family had been surprised when Maddie moved in with her partner after just one month of dating. I thought her resolution for 2022 was to be on time more, Ez thought bitterly to herself. 

"Christ I need a wee," she whispered to herself, loudly enough for an old couple passing by to hear. Her fast paced job in the city meant that she often didn't have time to visit the loo. Sometimes she got so used to holding it, that she'd just leave work having not urinated all day. In fact, it was rare that she visited the toilets more than once a day at work. Doing the maths in her head, Ez realised she hadn't peed since 10am that morning. She checked her watch, 6:23pm. Now eight minutes after they said they'd meet. She tried Maddie's phone again. Nothing. As soon as the attempted call ended, her phone vibrated. 

"Mads where the fuck are you? I'm bust-" 

"Ellie, it's me," the voice was not Maddie, but her mother. Her mother never called. "I'm afraid something awful has happened." 

--- 

Ez fought through tears as she bolted it down the M4 to her parent's house in Bristol. Her wipers viciously fought against the rain which plummeted against her windscreen. How could she do this to us? her internal monologue was in overdrive, trying to piece together the facts. I need to start again, the five words replaying back and forth in her head. The note itself was about the length of a postcard, but those were the five words that stayed with Ez. What does this mean? Suicide? Moving to Antartica? Had she joined a cult? How could her sister, so content and full of life at Christmas, drop this bombshell on her family? She gripped the wheel tighter, as her feelings oscillated between fury and sadness. On top of that, her bladder was about to burst. 

She tried to phone Mads's boyfriend for the tenth time that car journey. His phone was still turned off. Fucking cunt, she thought to herself. Whilst she didn't want to jump to conclusions, she was fairly confident that the standoffish and odd man who she'd only known for a month had something to do with Maddie's disappearance. She sped past another set of services, despite the protests of her bladder. An hour left until Bristol. 

Ez had to break sharply. Roadworks. She swore as the jolt forward pushed the seatbelt further into her aching bladder. She took advantage of the slower speed to take one hand off the wheel and dig it into the crotch of her jeans. Fuck she had to pee so badly. Her brain was too preoccupied with everything else to consider how much she'd had to drink. But since nipping out to the ladies for a piss and a shit that morning, she'd had two coffees, a bottle of Diet Coke, and had been sipping from her Stanley Cup all day as well. And yet in her head, Ez couldn't justify stopping. It felt selfish; she didn't know if her sister was dead or alive, her parents were sat at home in distress, anything other than driving as quickly as possible felt wrong. 

--- 

After what felt like the longest two hours of her life, Ez was finally home. Or at least she'd just reached the village where her parents retired to. She was physically shaking as she turned into the close, from a mixture of emotion, coldness and being absolutely desperate for the toilet. Her bladder was at its absolute limit, now eleven hours since she last urinated. In ordinary circumstances, even Ez, who hated using service station toilets, would have relented and broken her journey up. If she was honest, she'd have even pulled onto the hard shoulder and found a bush to piss in if she'd had to. Braking to pull into the drive, a spurt of wee escaped into her lacy black panties. 

Stepping out the car, feeling the full weight of her bladder almost made Ez piss her jeans there and then. Taking a deep breath, she clenched everything. She rang the doorbell, unable to stop bouncing on the spot. Her mum opened the door, eyes puffy. Ez burst into tears at seeing her mum this way. 

"Oh mum," she sobbed. As her mum embraced her, a longer spurt of urine escaped. Ez felt it running down her leg. She could see the downstairs toilet in the corner of her eye, but she couldn't bring herself to leave her mum at this moment. 

--- 

"Another cup of tea?" her dad asked. 

"No thanks," Ez replied, as she held her mother. An hour had passed and she still hadn't found a moment where she could leave her mum. And now there was a cup of tea to add to the pressure in her bladder. The pressure in her bladder was almost unbearable, and she was pretty sure a wet spot would be visible on her jeans when she stood up. 

"Look honey, you've had a long evening. Why don't you try and get some sleep?" her dad brushed her hair. 

She looked at her mum, who under the exhaustion of the evening was starting to flag. With the prospect of peeing growing closer, her bladder spasmed, so much so that she yelped in pain. 

"You okay?" her dad asked. 

"Yep, just bit my tongue," she lied. As she stood up, her mum looked wide eyed at her. 

"Honey, are you....?" she pointed at Ez's protruding belly. 

Ez winced as another spurt leaked out. "What?" 

"Pregnant," she whispered. 

"Oh," Ez involuntarily let out a giggle and immediately felt guilty. "No, I just really really really really REALLY need the loo." 

For the first time in what felt like for ever, Ez's mum and dad burst out laughing. "Oh my goodness, go, go!" 

Ez could not recall a time she had to pee this bad. The time when she and Mads were in Croatia came pretty close. But this was another level. As she walked, she could feel the urine swishing about in her bladder. Reaching the solace of the bathroom, she unbuckled her belt, frantically dancing in front of the toilet. This was enough for her bladder. Piss exploded out her, before she could undo her jeans. Giving up, she stood there, crying as what felt like the largest amount of pee anyone has ever held in leaked onto the bathroom floor. She didn't feel embarrassed, she didn't even feel much relief. She felt numb with anxiety about what had happened to her sister. 

--- 

Little did she know that just an hours drive away, Mads Simmonds was alive and well. Except she wasn't Mads Simmonds any more. She was Holly Cole, ready to start a new life with Jack Collins. A life without her family. A new start. 


*009*2025-07-16 16:23

VI 

Holly had felt many things over the past 1275(ish) days. Angry. Sad. Lonely. Bursting. But the anger she felt when she saw Ez and Annie walking in was unmatched. Unprecedented. Unnerving. Ez and Annie had always been best friends but Holly was a firm part of that trio. Or Mads as they knew her. A nickname she despised. 

As she grew older and wiser, Holly had come to question their friendship dynamic. At family events, Ez would ignore her. Or give monosyllabic answers. Or just play on her phone rather than talk to her. On the odd occasion where she decided to acknowledge her little sister's existence, she would do anything to humiliate her. She remembered the family holiday to Croatia. Ez had booked a boat trip for the two of them, despite the fact Holly hated being on the sea. They drank cocktails all day, and every time Holly went to pee, Ez would tease her for having a tiny bladder. She always made her feel like a fucking baby. They rushed to get to the boat, despite Holly begging Ez to let her use the toilet first. After half an hour of agony, the inevitable happened and Holly wet herself. And of course at dinner, Ez told everyone about the idiot little sister who couldn't hold her pee like a big girl. That story would come up again and again and again. 

She hated Annie even more. At least Ez used to be nice. Annie had always been a bitch. Ever since she first showed up at the house after hers and Ez's first day of primary school. Annie became the big sister no one wanted. She'd boss her around during games, and At Holly's 18th birthday, they went clubbing, her, Ez and Annie. Holly ended up dancing with Zak, a guy who used to be the year above her at school. A guy she had had a massive crush on for years. The two kissed, and he was ready to go home with her. But as Holly came back from the loo, she saw Annie snogging Zak. And Ez laughing. Holly ran home crying. Devastated. No one ever asked how she was. No one cared. 

She never regretted her decision to leave. Jack was the only person in the world who meant anything to her. Even her parents always preferred Ez. They always talked about how proud they were of their darling eldest moving to the city to start a fancy job. When Holly did the same, she was following in her sister's footsteps, copying, imitating. As her and Jack drove down the M5, after leaving a note with their parents, no tears fell. Instead they laughed, sang, dreamed about their new life together. No family, no friends, just the two of them. Little did she know that two weeks later, she'd lay eyes on his beautiful face for the last time. 

Holly often wondered what Jack did once she disappeared. Did he see the strange faceless figure? Maybe he got trapped somewhere as well? Did he go searching far and wide for her? Appear on national TV to make a tearful plea for her return? Has he moved on? Every day, she wondered if he'd appear at the door to try and rescue her. Free her from her full-bladdered purgatory. Every day, she was disappointed. And yet somehow, the two biggest bitches in the world turned up out of nowhere. 

As Annie ran towards her in her stupid dungarees, Holly laughed, watching her teary nemesis hammering the locked door. She looked intently at Annie's crotch for wet patches, she was sure she saw some piss leak out. It was a bittersweet sensation, Holly would do anything to leak just a drop of piss from her eternally full bladder. And she was certainly envious of the intense relief that Annie was going to feel any minute. 

Annie left her sight, presumably to try and find solace elsewhere. And in that moment, Holly froze. A cold chill overcame her whole body. The first non-bladder related sensation she'd felt since her last day as an ordinary person. The strange green glow appeared again. She tried to listen to what was happening next door, but the sound was muffled. She could just about make out an extremely deep voice when the whole building started to shake. Ten seconds where even the imaginary forest behind her shook. As the shaking stopped, Holly felt back to normal. The forest was stable, the cold stopped, and the green glow disappeared. Something was different though. A faint trickling sound. A constant trickling sound. An added level of torture for Holly's bladder. She searched her small world frantically for the source of the trickle. Running her hands along the walls of her prison, she felt a small crack. She pushed at the wall, until eventually, it gave way. Her world had now doubled inside, as next to her stood Annie Jackson. A naked Annie Jackson. A urinating Annie Jackson. 


*010*2025-07-23 10:31

VII 

One more stop, Ez thought as the number 86 bus ground to a halt. It was mid-June, in the middle of heatwave, and Ez was late for a date. A third date to be precise. Ez was never a big fan of dating cliches. She'd been in relationships where they'd had sex before their first date. She'd been in relationships where they didn't have sex at all. She'd even been in one relationship where they had sex during their first date. But Gary was a traditionalist. Gary was special. Gary had spent the entire day sending here suggestive texts. As such, since getting from home, Ez spent the entire time preening herself. Making sure there wasn't a single hair on her legs or armpits. Or pussy. So preoccupied was she with making sure her body was perfect for Gary that she didn't notice the time. Desperate not to be late, she quickly dressed herself, slipping on her sluttiest thong and her shortest black dress, before heading out. Without peeing. 

It had been one of those hectic days at work for Ez. Coffee, water, Diet Coke, but no bathroom. She winced as the bus hit a speed bump, her full bladder resting uncomfortably in her tight black dress. She suspected Gary quite like it when she had to pee. On their first date two weeks ago, they went for a walk by the campsite in Devon. After walking for hours and drinking water all day, Ez ended up having to piss behind a bush. When she was done, she was fairly sure she could see his erection through his tracksuit bottoms. She crossed her legs a little tighter, and prayed that the toilets were close to the front door of the restaurant. 

When she arrived, Gary was already stood by the table waiting for her. 

"Hi," Ez nervously smiled, hugging Gary and kissing him. "I'll be right back, I'm bursting for a wee." 

"No you're not," he whispered looking into her eyes. 

Ez sat down and started flicking through the menu. "So what's good here?" 

"Well the steak tartare is amazing, but I think I'm going to try the yellowfin tuna," he smiled, pouring Ez a glass of water. 

"Oo thank you, I'm so thirsty," Ez gulped her water down, repressing the urgent signals her bladder was sending to her brain. 

"Let's get you some wine," Gary laughed, brushing his hand up Ez's leg. 

--- 

Gary signalled for another wine to be brought over. Ez tried to adjust herself to feel comfortable, the water and half bottle of wine sitting very awkwardly in her bladder. It was a strange sensation. She knew this sensation, but it was like she'd forgotten how to make it better. She glanced around, as if looking for inspiration. So many dates. First dates, second dates, one hundredth dates. Young couples, old couples, people having affairs. Talking about everything from their careers, to their families, to their sex lives. They were all sat fairly close to each other, the restaurant owners desperate to squeeze as many paying customers into the building as possible. This always made Ez feel self-conscious. As if everything she said was under scrutiny. The women from the table next to them stood up. Where could she be going? Ez thought. Does she hate her meal? Hate her date. "Sorry, I'm just dying for the loo," the lady tamely whispered, darting towards the bathrooms. The clarity hit Ez. Fuck, she had to piss so badly. She groaned as her bladder twitched slightly. 

"You okay?" Gary asked, pouring her a glass from the new bottle. 

"Yeah, sorry I'll be right back, think I might actually wet myself if I don't go now," Ez awkwardly stood up. 

He grabbed her hands, a dribble of urine leaking into her thong as he did this. Staring into her eyes he whispered "You don't need to piss." 

Ez blinked. "Why am I stood up?" she thought. She sat back down, waiting for her mains to be brought out. 

"Have you heard from Annie at all?" Gary asked. 

Ez stared blankly. "Who's Annie?" 

--- 

Her heart skipped a beat as Gary's foot moved further up her thigh. The pressure in her abdomen was becoming unbearable, but Gary had reassured her that this was normal and she'd feel better in no time. So she tried to ignore it as Gary's big toe started to massage her pussy. 

"Tell me what you want me to do to you," Gary whispered. 

"I... want you to rip my panties off right here," she moaned. "I want to feel your lips all over me." 

"Then what?" Gary asked, practically drooling. 

"I want my body to be yours. I want you to lick my pussy until I can't take it anymore." The couple next to them looked at each other awkwardly. 

"Let's go," he whispered, dragging her by the hand before their desert had been brought out. She clutched herself as Gary led her away. Why did she feel like this? As they reached the door, Ez remembered. 

"Ah fuckkkkkk, I need to piss so badly!" she moaned, doing everything to stop a spurt escaping. 

Gary looked into her eyes once more "You don't need to piss, you need to fuck me." 

"Fuck me till I can't walk," Ez whispered, beckoning him into a stall. A woman washing her hands looked at them undressing each other, unsure whether to confront them or leave them to it. 

The sight of the toilet once again triggered a memory for Ez. "Turn around, I need to pee first." 

"You don't," Gary insisted, kissing her passionately. 

Ez undid his belt, and started to tug at his trousers. She grabbed his arse as Gary continued to kiss her, fumbling to try and get her out of her dress. Ez's bladder protruded, but her mind was pushing aside her mysterious agony. Gary sat on the toilet, naked, whilst Ez stood there in just her bra and panties. She shifted in her place to try and numb the discomfort. She moaned loudly as Gary started to rub her clit, absolutely desperate to feel his cock inside her. Her pussy was wetter than it had ever been. 

"I need you inside me," Ez begged, a drop of piss leaking out. She slipped her panties off, revealing her immaculately shaved pussy. Gary pulled her towards him by her stomach, the sudden motion leading to another long spurt of urine exiting her body. Ez positioned herself on his dick, bouncing up and down, as Gary removed her bra. They had no care for the line of desperate ladies starting to form outside the only working stall which they currently occupied, and they were able to drown out them banging on the door. They were lost in a world of ecstasy. 

However as Ez's elbow accidentally hit the flush of the toilet, she was once again reminded of the cause of her pain. "Fucking hell, my bladder is about to explode," she cried. 

Gary was too lost in the moment to say anything, and Ez had no intention of stopping either. The hot piss exploded out of her urethra, soaking Gary's block and legs, as well as their clothes which lay crumpled on the floor. As oceans of pee gushed their way out of Ez's exhausted bladder, the combination of relief, jeopardy and arousal led to the most extraordinary orgasm any of them had ever had. The ladies waiting outside shook their heads in disgust as Ez's urine started to trickle out of the stall and into the area where they stood. Ez almost blacked out from the pleasure, as Gary's penis erupted inside her. The stream finished and the two sat there, covered in piss, faces clothed with relief. 

"Let me go out first," Gary instructed, as the throng of angry women and now some men grew outside. He left the stall, completely naked to address the queue of women stood there, crossed legs and uncomfortable expressions on their face. "Me and my partner are finished now. We are both naked but this is not a cause for alarm. This is perfectly normal." The crowd nodded their head in unison, including the restaurant manager who had been summoned. 

Ez followed him out. The group of people barely acknowledged the two as they walked out of the bathrooms. However as they reached the end of the queue, a voice called out: "Ez?" It was a young woman, roughly 19 in age. 

"Sorry do I know you?" Ez asked, very aware that she was naked in front of a stranger, even if no one else cared. . 

"Ez it's me, Cassie," the woman replied. "Annie's sister." 


*012*2025-08-05 16:21

VIII 

"Oh. My. God." the urinating Annie exclaimed. 

Holly just stared wide-eyed. What the fuck was going on? How could this situation get any worse? Why was she still pissing? 

"Mads? It's me, Annie!" she cried. "Do you know what's happened?" 

"Holly," she bluntly answered. 

"What?" Annie asked. 

"My name is Holly," she replied. 

"Come on, I know you're Maddie. You've got the same mole on your arm." 

Holly looked down, unwilling to make eye contact. "What are you doing here?" 

"I could ask you the same question. You abandoned your family, your sister was heartbroken. She almost fucking killed herself," tears formed in Annie's eyes. 

"Yeah, well I wish she had," Holly spat. 

Seeing red, Annie reached her arm out to try in a desperate attempt to try and slap Holly. But her right arm would not budge from its position, covering her naked breasts. She tried to move her left arm, but encountered the same problem. "How fucking dare you?" 

"How fucking dare me? You did this. You all did this," Holly stopped for a moment. "How are you still pissing?" 

"I don't know. It was weird, I was so desperate for a piss, but the toilet was locked. Then I went to the gents and there was this really strange bloke in there who started telling me off. I couldn't hold it any more, so I think I just started to go, and then I was here," Annie looked at the pained expression on Holly's face. "Are you okay?" 

"Well I've been holding in a piss for around 1275 days and then you come in here unable to stop peeing," Holly moaned. "There can't be any more in your bladder surely." 

Annie tried to clench herself, but the urine stream continued. But it didn't smell like urine, and the pee wasn't collecting on the ground as you'd expect. It was like the water was disappearing as soon as it reached the white floor beneath them. At this point, Annie wasn't even feeling relief from urinating. "It won't stop." 

"Must be nice," Holly rolled her eyes, crossing her legs even tighter than usual. "I guess you got cursed too then huh." 

"I don't know, there was this weird green glow, I think I must have fainted or something. How do we get out?" Annie asked. 

"How the fuck am I supposed to know? If I knew that, why would I still be here?" Holly asked. "There's no way out." she added glumly. 

The emotion of it all started to get to Annie. But she couldn't cry beyond a few small teardrops. She tried to move away, but her feet were now stuck as well. She stood frozen in state, with only her mouth able to move. "Why do you hate me?" 

"Two words. Zak. Connors." 

--- 

"Just hold it Annie," Ez rolled her eyes. 

They were in the back of an Uber on the way to Popworld. It was Maddie's birthday, her 18th, and she was ready to go clubbing for the first time. Mads sat in the front, whilst Ez and Annie were sat in the back. Annie had had several vodka cokes that were now aching to leave her bladder. "Driver hurry uppppp I'm about to weeeeeee." 

The surly Uber driver grunted "If you piss on my seats, you're paying the cleaning fee." 

"Sorry mate, she won't do that, will you?" Ez sternly looked at Annie. Annie crossed her legs. 

Mads peed before leaving but she was starting to need to go again. Ez, as usual, hadn't peed all night. Mads looked in the rear view mirror. Annie was absolutely trashed, sprawled out on the back seat. Her dress had ridden up so her lacy red panties could be seen clear as day. 

The car screeched to a halt. The three bundled out of the Uber, met with the sight of a queue stretching round the entire building. 

"Fuckkkkkk," Annie moaned. "I can't wait that long." 

"Okay okay, come on," Ez grabbed Annie by the hand. Mads followed them. 

"I'm BUSTINGGGGGG," Annie kept laughing and making hissing sounds with her mouth. Finding an alleyway, Ez led Annie to her makeshift toilet. A group of women sheepishly pulled their knickers up as they saw Ez and Annie. 

"Okay, hurry up, I need a piss too," Ez moaned. 

"Ahhhhhhhhhh," Annie exclaimed, squatting and pulling her knickers to one side. Her piss reverberated loudly against the stones on the floor. "Room for one more?" 

"I'm not that desperate," Ez laughed. "But hurry up, Mads doesn't want to spend her first ever night clubbing watching you weeing." 

"Can confirm," Mads added, aware of the growing pressure in her own bladder. 

"Alright, I'm done," Annie drip dried, pulled up her red panties and adjusted her dress. 

--- 

Mads crossed her legs as the line halted to a stop once more. Ez and Annie were chatting, but all she could really focus on was how badly she needed a wee. She gasped as she felt a tap on her shoulder, as she came perilously close to leaking. 

"Hello stranger," the voice was from Zak Connors. His voice transported her back to sixth form choir, where she'd spend every rehearsal mentally picturing the two of them together. 

"Fuck, Zak. Hi!" she embraced him, ignoring the twinge in her bladder. He was as beautiful as ever, with his long brown hair, chiselled jaw line and stubble making him look older than he actually was. 

"Good night?" he asked 

"Yeah, just wish this queue would move," she replied, bouncing up and down slightly. 

"Tell me about it,' he moaned. 

"What are you doing back? Aren't you at...?" 

"Durham. Yeah, down for a family party tomorrow so thought I'd make a weekend of it." Ez and Annie turned round briefly. Ez glared at Mads, who was too busy focussing on his soft blue eyes. 

"That's cool," Mads nodded. "Aren't you going to wish me a happy birthday?" 

"Aw happy birthday man. Maybe I'll buy you a drink in there," he winked. 

"Maybe I'll drink it," Mads winced at her cringy flirting. 

They finally reached the front of the line, Mads now bursting for a wee but keen to keep flirting with Zak. Annie got in, miraculously given her state. She rushed to the toilets again, already desperate. Ez followed on after. 

"Vodka coke?" Zak asked. 

"Sure," Mads replied. She longed to join the girls in the loo but didn't want to risk anyone else stealing Zak. 

"So how does it feel to officially be an adult?" Zak asked her. Mads blushed as she caught him looking at her tits. 

"Oh you know, not too different. I'm sure the back problems and everything else will kick in any day now." She shifted awkwardly. 

"Well we need to make sure you celebrate properly," he grabbed the Vodka Cokes. "Cheers!" 

"Cheers!" she followed Zak's lead and downed the entire drink. "Let's dance." 

--- 

An hour passed on the dance floor. Yet despite Mads refusing to let him out of her sights, despite some very flirty banter, and despite the constant supply of drinks from Zak, he had to yet to make a move. What Zak didn't know was that for the last hour, Mads had been harbouring a bladder ready to burst, purely to boost the chances of him kissing her. Maybe more. As the latest Calvin Harris song blasted out, Mads internally set Zak an ultimatum. Kiss me during this song or I'm going for a piss. With her bladder throbbing painfully, Mads was no longer sure which she wanted more. 

Miraculously, as a song came to an end, Zak grabbed Mads by the waist, and leaned in. His breath stank of jagerbombs and cheap red wine, but she didn't care as they locked lips. It was clunky and betrayed a level of inexperience from both. For Mads, it was euphoric. At least until a squeeze reminded her of her desperately full bladder. She gently retreated. 

"You okay?" he asked. 

"I'm just dying for the loo. Stay there, I'll be right back," she replied, limping towards the toilet as quickly as possible. 

Thankfully there was no queue, otherwise Mads would almost certainly have wet herself there and then. She burst into the first empty cubicle she saw, yanked her panties down and forcefully urinated. 

"Fuckkkkkkkkk," she gasped as the night's alcohol content left her bladder. As she continued pissing, she started to fantasise over where the rest of the night was going to go. Maybe we'll go back to his. Maybe we'll snog in the Uber on the way home. The stream finished, she wiped, flushed, washed her hands and prepared to carry on the evening. 

She scanned the dance floor for Zak. No sign. Maybe he went to the loo as well. After a few minutes, she ventured out to the smoking area, desperate to pick up where they left off. She spotted Ez, laughing her head off. And then she saw it. The moment that would change her life. Zak and Annie snogging. Her eyes welled with tears. "You fucker!" she slapped Annie. All Annie could do was smirk, before she carried on kissing Zak. 

--- 

"What the fuck?" Annie asked, back in the strange liminal zone the two found themselves in. "That never happened." 

"You know it did, what's the point in denying it?" Holly/Mads asked. 

"I would admit it, but I've got nothing to admit. I fucking hate Zak, he fucked me then ghosted me for months, then tried to fuck me again," Annie replied. "I wanted to warn you that night but it was impossible to get you by yourself." 

"I know what happened. I was there," Holly rolled her eyes. "You didn't even care how much you hurt my feelings." 

"It wasn't me. I mean he was snogging someone else, but it wasn't me. Me and Ez spent the entire rest of evening looking after you. Remember? We got cheesy chips and watched a load of Family Guy?" Annie asked. 

For the first time, Holly's memory faltered. She remembered Ez and Annie comforting her, and yet the image of Annie snogging Zak was seered into her brain. How could both be true? 

"Look, clearly something weird is happening. Maybe it explains why you abandoned your family, but me and Ez have always been there for you. Always," Annie cried. "So please, tell me what happened." 

Before Mads could answer, the green light appeared once again. In the blink of an eye, Annie vanished. But with this new information, Mads started to question everything that had happened since that day. Something wasn't adding up. Lots of things. 


*014*2025-08-06 16:54

IX 

Ez's phone rang again. She glanced and sighed. The same mad woman trying to get in contact again. The mad woman who claimed to be the sister of Annie Jackson. Someone she'd never met. Ez was polite enough during their first and only in face meeting, excluding their encounter in the toilets at Tojikomerareta Josei. Cassie explained that Annie Jackson was missing, Ez replied that she was sorry but she didn't understand why she was involved. The rest of the meeting was hazy, although she remembered Cassie kept talking about hypnosis, whatever that was. Ez thought that was the end of this bizarre episode, but somehow Cassie found her number. She ignored the call, sent a text threatening to phone the police, and then blocked the number. It was a slightly chilly evening in London, considering it was early August, so Ez was keen to get home and snuggle Gary. Ez turned onto the road of Gary's Stratford apartment. As she texted Gary asking him to put the kettle on, a gloved hand muffled her mouth. 

"What the fuck!" she tried to scream through the glove. There were two men, both wearing balaclavas, both dressed in all black, both silent. One of them grabbed her phone from her, whilst the other bundled her into the back seat of their Ford Focus. 

"Really sorry about this," the bloke restraining her whispered, feeling guilty as he saw the sheer terror in her tear filled eyes. Holding her legs in position to stop her squirming, he pulled a syringe out of his jacket pocket, and injected her in the neck. Ez tried to fight the inevitable but within seconds, she lost feeling in her arms and legs and finally lost consciousness. 

--- 

The first thing Ez noticed was the razorblades stabbing the back of her throat. Groggily, she opened her eyes, when panic set in. Her screams were blocked by the tape against her mouth, her attempts to run jeopardised by the rope which kept her firmly tied to the small wooden chair. She couldn't tell where she was, but it looked like someone's basement. She noticed a goon walking towards her, the same stocky man who drugged her last night. Ez quivered as he grew closer, his BO and a faint smell of coffee assaulting her nostrils. 

"We're not going to harm you. Promise. Nod if you understand," the goon asked. Ez nodded slowly, her eyes overflowing with tears. "If you promise not to scream, I can take the tape off." Ez nodded again, more frantically this time. "You need to promise not to scream though. If you scream, we'll have to put the tape back on." 

He ripped the tape off, Ez had to stifle to urge to scream in pain and fear. Instead, a glottal sound left her lips, as if she were about to be sick. "Can I have some water?" she croaked. 

The goon nodded, and poured a bottle of Evian down her throat. Ez gulped almost the entire bottle greedily, until her thirst vanished. As more her body slowly woke up, she was suddenly aware of other sensations. 

"Please can I use the toilet?" she asked. 

"I'm sorry, not yet," he answered sympathetically. 

"Please, I really need to go," Ez moaned, unable to cross her legs or hold herself to ease the pressure from her bladder. 

"I'm sorry, she'd kill me," he muttered. "I promise you won't have to wait too long." 

"Who's she? What the fuck is going on?" Ez started to get more frantic, before remembering the threat of the tape. "I won't run off, I just really need to pee." 

"Look, she'll be here in a minute. She can explain everything," he started to grow impatient. 

--- 

Ez looked anxiously at the clock. She'd been waiting almost an hour now, and she was bursting. The almost full bottle of Evian sat uncomfortably in her overstretched bladder, on top of the beer from the previous evening. The clock said it was 8:35am, so it must have been almost twelve hours since she last used the toilet. The nicer of the two men who held her captive had disappeared, replaced by his more grumpy counterpart. After pleading and crying to ask to use the loo, she'd stopped after being threatened with the tape if she asked again. She contemplated wetting herself, but what if she turned up a minute later. She was determined not to piss herself for no reason. But soon she wouldn't have a choice. The doors swung open. It was her. That fucking psychopath. 

"Cassie," she hissed. "How many times do I need to tell you that I don't know who Annie is." 

"I know, I know. And I'm so sorry for keeping you waiting. Bloody rush hour traffic! I hope these two haven't been too rough with you," Cassie smiled. 

"They've been fine except denying me basic human rights. Please, Cassie, I can cooperate with whatever this is but I am absolutely desperate for the loo," Ez cried. 

"That was my fault, I'm sorry. It'll become clear why shortly, but I need you to trust me." 

Ez winced as a wave of desperation hit her. "Fine, let's speed whatever this is up." 

"I understand," Cassie nodded. "So we've established you don't know who Annie Jackson is. Even when I showed you pictures of the two of you last time we met, you insisted you could only see yourself in those pictures. What we think has happened is some form of advanced hypnosis." 

"I told you last time, that's not a real word!" Ez hissed. 

"So advanced," Cassie ignored the interruption. "That you don't even understand the concept of hypnosis. You don't even know what it is. Which leads me to Gary." 

"What about him?" Ez asked. "You'd better not have done anything to him." 

"This will be hard for you to swallow, but we think he's been manipulating you. Not just you, but the entire world around him. We think he's linked to the disappearance of my sister. And I wouldn't be surprised if he's linked to the disappearance of your sister too." 

"How dare you!" tears streamed down Ez's face. "Don't talk about my fucking sister. And don't talk about my Gary like that, you don't know him at all." 

"I'm sorry, but it's all true. The problem is you're too deeply hypnotised to be able to see any of this," Cassie explained. 

"When can I fucking piss?" Ez asked, the rope putting even more pressure on her bladder. 

"Any minute now. So we've been tracking Gary for a while, and we've tried to replicate his hypnotic powers. I didn't tell you last time but since your sister went missing, I've been working as part of MI5. We believe that Gary is an extremely dangerous individual, and has abilities far beyond our understanding. We've been testing this for several years, but only just managed to get it to work," Cassie pointed towards what looked like a motorbike helmet attached to a machine. "This machine can get you to believe anything. But it can also remove any hypnotic influence. It's quite funny really, we couldn't get it to work for years. And then one day, we tested it near the end of the day. I hadn't had the chance to use the loo all day, and was absolutely bursting, but..." 

"Get to the point before my bladder explodes," Ez hissed. 

"Essentially, we realised the machine only works if your bladder is full. We haven't worked out why, but we have a theory that when the subject is desperate for the toilet, it's easier to catch them off guard. Their brain is less likely to block the hypnotic signals as it's focussed on making sure you don't wet yourself," Cassie explained. 

"So what does this have to do with me?" Ez asked. 

"We believe you can give us some information that will really help us find Annie," Cassie said. "And maybe even your sister. But you're no good to us if you've been hypnotised. If you can put the helmet on and allow us to de-hypnotise you, you could be a hero." 

"And why should I?" she asked. "What if I refuse?" 

"Unfortunately, that's not an option," Cassie explained, as the goons placed the helmet on her. "Word of warning, this might feel weird." 

A zap of what felt like electricity went through her entire body. The shocks ran through her bladder, and it felt as though her now dangerously full organ was exploding again and again and again. She barely registered that she'd started to wet herself, everyone in the room pretending not to notice as a wet patch started to darken her light blue jeans. As her bladder deflated, the electric shocks started to slow down, and clarity began to return to her manipulated memory. Finally, the process came to an end, as the goons removed her helmet. 

"Oh... fuck... fuck....!" Ez could barely speak, so shocked by the revelations that her mind had been forced to repress. 

"Do you want to tidy up first? I've got some spare clothes you can borrow." 

--- 

Ez returned an hour later, still looking shell shocked, wearing a sports kit Cassie found in her drawers. 

"Sorry about the mess," Ez sheepishly muttered. 

"Don't worry about it, everyone pisses themselves the first time they use the machine," Cassie laughed. 

"I feel like such an idiot. How did I not recognise him?" Ez shuddered. 

"Who is he?" 

"He's Jack. The same prick that ran away with my sister." 

"How did you meet?" 

"It was the night Annie disappeared. She went to the toilet and never came back. No one saw anything and I was in quite a bad state when I realised she was lost. Gary, or Jack, or whoever the fuck he is, came and comforted me. He kept telling me that Annie Jackson didn't exist and that he was going to take care of me," Ez cried. "Oh my God, he would just hypnotise me all the time. He'd convince me I wanted to fuck him even if I'd told him no. He'd tell me Mads was a horrible sister and that I should be glad that she's not around any more." Ez sobbed. 

"It's okay," Cassie comforted Ez. 

"Do you think he hypnotised Mads?" Ez asked. 

"I'd say it's pretty likely. And he probably knows where Annie is too." 

"So what do we do?" 

"What do we do about what?" a booming male voice in the doorway asked. 


*015*2025-08-14 16:38

X 

Mollie Simmonds took her seat in a corner booth at Tojikomerareta Josei. As she waited for her husband, she checked her messages with Ez for 1000th time that week. Still nothing new. It was a week since Ez went missing, and three and a half years since Mads went missing. She wanted to sob but she was all cried out. Nonetheless, she sat at the table in the vague hope that Ez would turn up to the lunch they'd organised together made a few weeks ago. Bob came through the door. He looked gaunt, with black bags under his eyes betraying his lack of sleep since their life was turned upside down for a second time. He smiled weakly as he spotted Mollie, kissing her cheek before taking the opposite cheek. 

"Water?" he asked. 

"Yes please," Mollie croaked. 

"Anything from Ez?" he asked. 

Does it fucking look like I know where Ez is. "No," she replied softly. 

The silence lingered. A common feature of their relationship since Mads disappeared. 

"Apparently they've just installed an original Fukumoto in the ladies," Bob tried to change the subject. "Hainyō suru josei," he added in a hammy Japanese accent. Mollie pretended to look through the menu. 

"Both our daughters are missing and you want to talk about a new statue in the toilets?" Mollie hissed. 

Bob slammed his menu on the table. "Sorry for trying to lighten the mood just a tiny bit." 

"How could you possibly lighten the mood?" she snapped. "We went through hell three years ago. And then just as we've finally started to try and move our lives on a little bit, our other daughter disappears without a trace." 

"I know. You don't need to fucking remind me. But that doesn't mean we need to be miserable every single hour of every single day," he retaliated. 

The waiter, seemingly unaware of the tension between the two came to take their orders. Yellow fin tuna for Mollie, a selection of sushi for Bob, alongside a bottle of wine. One glass. Once he was safely out of ear shot, the duel continued. 

"I'm miserable every hour of every single day because I've lost two daughters. I don't see how you can be so okay with that." 

"You think I'm fucking okay!?" Diners started to quieten their conversation, keen to hear the resolution. Bob hushed his voice. "Of course I'm not fucking okay. I miss them more than words can say. But they would hate this. They always hated it when we fought." 

"We wouldn't need to fight if you weren't so insensitive," Mollie mumbled, crossing her legs slightly. She started to feel uncomfortable, her bladder reminding her that she hadn't used the toilet since waking up. 

"Me trying to make you smile is not being insensitive. I miss your smile," Bob started to tear up. 

"I just don't think I can go through this again," Mollie was crying now. 

"We need each other, Mollie," Bob croaked. 

Mollie anxiously eyed the ladies room. Her need to pee had increased dramatically since sitting down, but she knew it would be the wrong time. 

"I'm sorry for snapping," Bob added. 

"That's okay. I'm sorry too. I know you're trying to help," the hint of a smile lit up Mollie's face. She prepared to leave for the toilet, but before she could, the waiter arrived with their food. Begrudgingly, she sat back down, crossing her legs even tighter than before. 

--- 

Meals finished, and moods slightly lifted, Mollie smoothed her skirt down as she stood up. "Just going to the loo."She tried to maintain composure as she headed towards the ladies, but stopped in her tracks. Stood by the toilets was a man she hadn't seen for several years. Thirty years to be exact. Kei Fukumoto himself. 

Mollie had never mentioned her relationship with Kei Fukumoto to Bob before. By relationship, she meant a six month fling. Which overlapped with the first year of her marriage to Bob. It was something she'd regret forever, a secret she knew she had to keep until the day she died. Back in 1995, Kei Fukumoto was a nobody. They met in an art class, which Bob had encouraged her to take up, as a way to meet people. Little did he know how well that plan turned out. It started with a secret drink, whilst Bob worked nights at the hospital. It turned into a secret date, at this very restaurant. That night, things spiralled. Mollie ended up sleeping with him. After that, every night shift, she'd go to Kei's, sleep with him, and then go home for her unsuspecting husband to find her fast asleep. She ended things, partly because of the guilt, partly because she discovered things she didn't like about Fukumoto. But at one point, Mollie was ready to divorce her husband to spend the rest of her life with Fukumoto. 

And now here he was, one of the most famous sculptors to ever live. If she'd known about his statue in the restaurant, she would never have agreed to come here. She hated him now. And yet he was stood right by the doors to the ladies. Fighting with her bladder, she went to sit back down. Bob continued to make conversation but Mollie was hardly listening. All sorts of thoughts raced through her head. What if he sees her? Has he forgiven her? Will he tell Bob? Where am I supposed to pee? 

"Oh my God, look, Moll," Bob pointed towards the ladies. "It's Kei Fukumoto." 

"Oh yeah," Mollie nonchalantly turned round. 

"Come on, the guy's a legend! We should get a photo," Mollie had rarely heard Bob this gleeful. 

"No!" Mollie hissed. "How's that going to look? The two parents who were on the news last week pleading for the return of their daughter are seen grabbing selfies." 

"Fair point. We should at least go and say hi," Bob suggested. "Maybe he can help raise the profile of our campaign." 

Before Mollie could answer, a familiar voice spoke up. "Hello Mollie." 

"Oh wow," Mollie feigned shock. "Hello." 

Bob grinned like an idiot ready to shake his hand. "You know each other?! Mr Fukumoto I am a huge fan of your work." 

You wouldn't be saying that if you knew how many times we fucked each other on his sofa, Mollie grimly thought to himself. 

"Pleasure to meet you," Kei warmly shook his hand. "Your wife and I are... old friends." 

Bob shot Mollie a look of incredulity, that she never mentioned her friendship with one of the great sculptors. Mollie avoided eye contact. "I'm such an art nerd, I've been to so many of your exhibitions." 

"I'm glad you enjoy my art. I enjoy making it," he turned to Mollie. "Have you seen my new sculpture yet? In the ladies bathroom?" 

"Erm no, not yet," Mollie's bladder banged. "I'll be sure to go before I leave." Bob looked confused, but brushed it aside. 

"Do you have..." 

"I'm sorry Mr Simmonds, I would love to stay and chat but I have urgent business elsewhere," he smiled. "It was good to see you, Mollie." 

Mollie nodded "Good to see you too." It almost sounded convincing. Please fuck off so I can piss. 

Bob waited for Kei to be out of ear shot. "How have you never mentioned this??" 

"Look we dated for a bit, it ended badly, I don't like dwelling on it," Mollie semi lied. 

"What else are you hiding?" Bob joked. 

"Fuck off Bob. I'm dying for a wee," Mollie stood up. 

"I thought you already went?" he asked. 

"I got held up. Back in a minute," she darted towards the loo. 

Mollie almost yelped in frustration as she discovered a queue. In front of her, a young blonde woman and her best friend, both crossing their legs awkwardly. 

"Have you been waiting long?" Mollie asked. 

"About five minutes," the first woman moaned. "I'm about to wet myself." 

"It's the new statue in the bathroom. They knocked down all the toilets except one to install it, and people keep taking ages to grab photos of it. Don't see this fuss myself, it's just a fucking statue of someone doing a piss." 

The first woman banged on the door. "Hurry up, I need to be back at work in five minutes." She could barely stand still. 

Mollie bit her lip. "Do you mind if I cut in front?" she asked the second woman. "I'm really quite desperate." 

The second woman laughed. "No chance. I'm back at work in five minutes as well and I'm about to burst." 

Mollie nodded. She thought about playing the age and two children cards, but decided against it. Finally the door opened. 

"Be quick, I'm dying here," the second woman held her hands in her crotch. 

The two remaining ladies stood there in awkward silence, punctuated by the first woman's loud stream of piss. Judging by the intensity and duration, it really was urgent. Mollie crossed her legs, her bladder quivering with anticipation. Thankfully, she was quick about washing her hands and exiting, seemingly not fussed about the statue either. The second woman burst in as soon as the door opened. The loud moan she emitted as she relieved herself was like torture for Mollie. One symptom of the depression she had suffered since her daughter's went missing was that she would delay her normal bodily functions until absolutely necessary. She was now bursting at the seams. A drop of wee dampened her purple knickers. 

"Please hurry up, I'm bursting," Mollie wanted to cry, feeling her dignity slip away as two more desperate woman queued behind her. 

The door opened and Mollie rushed in, not even bothering to lock the door behind her. She sat on the loo and practically ripped her panties off, looked skyward as her inflated organ started to drain. It was then that she caught a glimpse of the statue. It was striking, to be fair to Fukumoto. It portrayed a vulnerable woman, covering her breast with her arm and her vagina with her free hand. The woman was urinating, a stream that never stopped and collected in the base of the fountain. Her face was sad, and Mollie swore that she saw a tear escape her eyes. Finishing her marathon piss, Mollie wiped, flushed and washed her hands. Whilst keen not to delay the queue of full bladdered women outside, she stared into the face of the statue. How odd, Mollie thought. She looks EXACTLY like Annie Jackson. Mollie's heart sank again. Another young woman who went missing. She desperately hoped that the three of them were somewhere safe, warm, happy. She knew that wasn't true. But she had hope. 

"Help. Me." a voice slowly whispered. 

Mollie jumped back. She looked at the statue. Surely not. 

"Help. Me. Mrs. Simmonds." 



*020*2025-10-04 11:52

XI 

Cassie came to first, her head absolutely pounding. She tried to piece together the events of the previous night. Had she been drinking? Did she actually see Ez or was that just a dream? Desperate for the toilet, she tried to move. A booming laugh reminded Cassie what had happened. 

"Oh dear, did somebody forget they were handcuffed?" the voice chuckled. 

"Gary," Cassie hissed. 

"Hello Cassie," Gary smiled, revealing two rows of crooked teeth. "Long time no see." 

Cassie shifted uncomfortably, the pressure in her bladder building. "Where's Ez?" 

"Don't you worry about Ez, she's safe and well," Gary reassured her. "Although I'm afraid she doesn't remember any of your little conversation." 

Cassie gulped as she looked around. The dead bodies of her fellow MI5 agents lay next to her. She was alone. 

"You didn't have to kill them," Cassie hissed. 

"Nor did we need them to live," Gary smiled. "You must be thirsty after all this time." 

"I'm okay," Cassie muttered, desperately wishing she could cross her legs. 

"Nonsense," he laughed. "Ez, our guest needs a drink." 

Ez emerged from the kitchen, no longer wearing old sports clothes but a skin tight black dress. Even as a straight woman, Cassie could appreciate that Ez looked hot as fuck. Ez held a large bottle of Evian towards Cassie. Cassie couldn't help but notice her bladder was swollen too. 

"Ez, please don't do this." Cassie whispered. "I have to pee." 

Ez stopped in her tracks. "Ooh, I'll be right back, dying for the loo." 

Gary looked into her eyes. "No you're not." 

Ez held the bottle to Cassie's mouth. "Please, I'm desperate to go." Cassie moaned. 

Ez stopped once again. "Sorry Gary, I need a wee so badly." 

"You don't need to go," he snapped looking in to her eyes. "And if you say anything else..." he turned to Cassie. "Then you will regret it." 

Cassie exhaled in defeat. She tried to resist, but Ez continued to pour the entire contents of the bottle down Cassie's throat. 

"Why are you doing this?" Cassie spluttered. 

"You get advanced hypnosis training in MI5 right? It's why I've been unable to hypnotise you like I have everyone else who's tried to stand in my way. I reckon most people, I can hypnotise when their bladder is 70, 80 percent full. With you, I reckon we need to be closer to 100," Gary explained. 

"Why are you doing this?" Cassie cried. 

"We're late for dinner," Gary turned to Ez. 

"Please, just let me pee," Cassie begged, her bladder screaming for release. 

"The boss is next door. When you think you can't possibly hold it a second longer, press this button. He'll come and let you pee," Gary explained. "If you piss yourself, then..." he mimed someone slitting her next open, and then did the same to Ez. 

"You're a monster," she whispered. 

"Maybe a YouTube video will help keep you entertained," Gary smirked. "10 hours of trickling water ought to do the trick." 

--- 

It wasn't just advanced hypnosis training that MI5 agents had to do. They were also trained how to deal with torture. Including bladder torture. As the trickling water video ticked into its third hour, Cassie's resolve was slipping. She tried to recall all the techniques, the breathing exercises, the nerves to pinch on the body that were supposed to block the signals. But she was absolutely bursting. In fact she had gone beyond bursting. This was a level of desperation she had not experienced in training. MI5 agents went through a lot. She remembered one of her first assignments, on a stakeout in the middle of nowhere. Her male colleagues just went for a piss whenever they needed it, but Cassie held it the entire time, by the end almost unable to think because of how badly she had to piss. As her colleagues dropped her off at her flat at the end of the mission, she wet herself completely before she could even reach her front door. Now it felt as though her bladder was going to rip open and poison her. She desperately wanted to press the button, more than anything she'd ever wanted to do. But she knew the second she pressed it, she would be hypnotised and the whole mission would be for nothing. She was determined to hold it. She needed to in order to save Annie and Mollie. 

--- 

Another hour passed, and Cassie knew the game was nearly up. Her bladder was so full her back ached, she felt light headed and she looked 8 months pregnant. No strategy was enough to contain the immense volume of liquid resting inside her. Her vision went blurry, such was her desperation. As a spurt dampened her cotton white panties, she knew it was a matter of seconds before she erupted. Unable to think of any other option, she pressed the button. And pressed it again. And a third time. No help came. 

"Hello?" Cassie shouted. "Please! I'm going to burst," she cried. And still no help came. "My bladder is about to explode." 

She'd said that before, when queueing in line for the bathrooms on a night out, or finishing a long mission at work, or at the end of a long car journey, but this was the first time she actually believed it. But the safety mechanisms in her body kicked it. If you piss yourself, then... the threat lay heavy in her mind, but in the battle between her body and her brain, her body finally won. It was quite the tussle but she could no longer fight nature. Her crotch warmed as piss started to frantically make its way out of her urethra. Within seconds, her panties were completely saturated and her pee was travelling out of her in all directions. Streams ran down both legs, naked below her short light denim skirt, now darkened by her piss. Her wee pooled in her Doc Martens, and dripped off the chair she was handcuffed to, like rain off the rooftiles on a stormy day. The relief was so great she couldn't even consider the repercussions. It was all the best pees of her life rolled into one. Her wee in the toilets at Wembley Stadium after the FA Cup final went to penalties. Her wee after challenging (and winning) a holding contest with her boyfriend. Her wee in a McDonalds cup on the top floor of the 98 bus when it got stuck in traffic. Her wee on the hard shoulder of the M6 on the way to the Lake District. Her wee after her Science teacher refused to let her go during a double lesson. Her wee after having two pints before her cousin's wedding ceremony. Her wee in her jeans after her first stakeout. Her wee after her three hour graduation ceremony. Every single wee she did at the end of her MI5 bladder training. Her wee in the streets of Amsterdam after her friend's hen do. Her wee after downing a Tango Ice Blast before watching Oppenheimer in the cinema. Her wee after very drunk and desperate sex with her boyfriend. As her wee finally subsided, after what felt like ten minutes, but was probably closer to four, she sobered up. What was going to happen to her? What was going to happen to Ez? As she pondered this, a key turned in the lock. 


*021*2025-10-04 14:32

XII 

Several hours earlier 

Mollie didn't need much time to interact with Annie Jackson to piece it all together. And even by Fukumoto's standards this was sick. She kissed Bob on the cheek, lying that she needed to help her mum complete some errands. Now on the bus, she opened her Instagram and sent Fukumoto a DM. 

"Sorry for being standoffish earlier. I just wasn't expecting to see you there. The truth is Bob and I are going through a difficult time at the moment and seeing you bought so many happy memories flooding back. I know things didn't end on the best terms but I am sorry for everything that happened. If we could meet for coffee later, I can explain why I did what I did." 

Heart thumping in her chest, she pressed send and immediately locked her phone. 

--- 

Fukumoto arrived at the address Gary had sent him. "URGENT COME ASAP!" He'd been told it was an MI5 hideout, designed to look like an ordinary house. The intel that Gary had gathered suggested that they were working on ways to perfect de-hypnotisation. An obvious problem for his and Gary's operation. He texted Gary "Outside." and within seconds, he was in. 

"What the fuck have you done?" he asked Gary, staring at the two dead bodies, a dazed looking Ez and another girl, handcuffed to her chair. 

"It's all under control," Gary whispered. 

"Two MI5 agents dead and you think it's under control?' he hissed. "And what about her?" he pointed at Ez. 

"Don't worry she's been re-hypnotised. I've done the tests, she doesn't remember who anyone is. And I reckon she's got another hour before she comes to," Gary pointed at Cassie. 

"I thought we agreed no killing. And MI5 will be on our ass the second they realise two agents are dead," Fukumoto looked panicked. 

"That's the beauty of it," Gary chuckled. "Turns out Cassie was kicked out of MI5 two years ago. After her sister's friend disappeared, she became obsessed with trying to crack the case. And when MI5 assigned other agents onto it, she kept interfering, kept neglecting her own assignments. Eventually they let her go. This de-hypnotisation thing isn't some big MI5 mission, she's been working on it with two scientists in secret for years." 

"Even still," Fukumoto hissed. "They have families, families who will realise in time that they're missing." 

"That's never stopped you before," Gary rolled his eyes. 

"It was always meant to just be the one Jackson sister," Fukumoto sighed. 

"I was just following your orders. You were the one who wanted to build that ridiculous fountain," Gary pointed out. 

"I know, I know. I was greedy and now we have this mess." 

"You still haven't told me why they're so important." 

"You don't need to know that," Fukumoto shut Gary down, as he had done every other time he'd asked. "You know the deal, you do the dark magic, and I give you a fair share of the profits." 

Gary nodded. "So what do we do with her?" 

Fukumoto furrowed his brow. "We need to hypnotise her. But it'll be difficult. They're trained extensively to resist." He noticed Ez pondering over the de-hypnosis machine. "You need to get rid of her. If she stays here, there's a chance she sees something that triggers her memory." 

Fukumoto's phone buzzed. He read the message from Mollie, eyes widening as he read it. 

"What's that?" Gary smirked. 

"Nothing," Fukumoto glared. "Tell you what, you wait here till she wakes up. I need to go and do a few things. Then I'll keep watch and you can take Ez somewhere away from here." 

--- 

"Hello you," Mollie smiled, as Fukumoto entered the cafe. 

"I can't be too long," Fukumoto sighed. 

Fukumoto felt like he was a young man again. Looking into her eyes, all the memories flooded back, the secret curry dates, the kisses in the taxi home, fucking each other in the back seat of his Ford Focus. Fukumoto had had many sexual partners since but none of them compared to Mollie. 

"I just wanted to say I'm sorry," Mollie awkwardly shuffled in her seat. 

"What for?" he wanted to hear her say it. He wanted her to apologise for the moment he thought about every single day. 

"I know you think I'm cruel, for leaving you without saying a word. But it was just too much for me. The guilt I mean," Mollie teared up. 

"But why leave without saying thing. You could at least have explained at the time. I would have understood." 

"I know, I know, I'm sorry. It just felt like the right thing to do at the time," Mollie mumbled. 

"So what are we doing here?" Fukumoto asked. 

"Bob and I, we've not, erm, slept together in three years," Mollie felt her face turn red. "And I still have needs." 

Fukumoto looked up. The two leant in, and as their lips met in the middle, Kei Fukumoto was in a taxi on the way back from Shoreditch in 1995. 

--- 

"I love you, Kei," Mollie stumbled over her words. "I want you to fuck me so hard when we get home." 

"You're drunk Mollie," Kei giggled. "The driver definitely heard you." 

"I am not drunk," Mollie mock protested, crossing her arms. 

"You are too," Kei laughed tickling her gently. 

"No stop Kei, I'm dying for the loo," she crossed her legs. 

Those words sent a rush of blood to his penis, which didn't go unnoticed by Mollie. 

"Well, well, what have we here?" Mollie chuckled, softly massaging his cock through the fabric of his grey trousers. "You like that I need a piss, don't you?" 

Kei stayed silent. He'd learnt to keep his fetish to himself. He'd told his first girlfriend, and she ran out of his flat, disgusted, calling him every name under the sun. "No, I was just thinking about what you said before," he lied. 

"Okay sure," Mollie's hands still brushing his cock through the trousers. "So if I tell you my bladder feels like it might burst in this car..." she looked him in the eyes, feeling his cock harden some more. 

Kei laughed, "Come on, Mollie." 

Mollie was practically sitting on top of him right now, ignoring the driver who was stealing looks in his rear view mirror at every opportunity. The slit of her pussy was now slowly grinding on Kei's crotch. She pulled her skirt up slightly to reveal her lacy black panties, her pubic hair visible through the fabric. She started to rub her clit through her knickers. Pushing herself forward, she was now whispering in his ear, her tits barely contained by her tank top. "Having a full bladder makes me so horny." 

It took everything for Kei not to cum at that point. Sensing this, she kept grinding on him, now slipping her middle finger inside her panties. She had never been so wet in her life. "God, I am BURSTING," she whispered. "It's taking every ounce of me not to just piss myself right here, right now." 

"Oh God," Kei moaned. 

"Sometimes," she continued. "When I'm home by myself, I like to see how long I can hold it in for. Then when I can't hold it any longer, I stand in the shower and wet myself." 

Kei looked out the window. He reckoned they were about five minutes from home. 

"I'm not sure I'm going to make it," Mollie moaned. "I've had to pee since we got to the club." 

"Why didn't you go?" Kei asked. 

"I told you, I like to hold it," Mollie giggled, continuing to grind on his cock. She gasped as they hit a speed bump. Kei looked down and saw a slither of piss leak out of Mollie's panties, dampening his crotch. Almost instantaneously, Kei came in his trousers. 

"Fuckkkkk," he moaned. 

Mollie gasped in mock shock. "I think someone else might have a little fetish too." 

"You're so fucking incredible," he panted. 

"I know," she smiled. "But seriously, I am absolutely busting to go." 

"Driver, pull up here," Kei asked. 

"But we're not home yet," Mollie protested. 

Kei threw money at the driver, mumbled something about keeping the change and led Mollie into the nearby park. Gasping for air, she pulled her panties to one side and urinated behind a tree. She moaned loudly as her bladder emptied, whilst Kei felt himself become aroused once more. As she finished pissing, she sat down next to the tree and Kei immediately to devour her pussy, without any care about potential people walking past. 

--- 

Back in present day London, Kei was inside Mollie Simmonds for the first time in thirty years. It felt every bit as electric to him as it did thirty years ago, as she mounted his erect penis. In their brief time together in 1995, the two had explored every inch of their fetish together. They'd tied each other up, they'd had full days where they'd banned each other from using the toilet, they'd desperately bundled their way into public toilets, pissed together then fucked each other. Kei couldn't wait to rekindle that side of their relationship with each other. 

"Oh fuck," Mollie shouted as she bounced on his dick. 

"Oh fuck," Kei exclaimed as he came inside a woman. It had been so long since he'd done that. He lay on the bed in a post coital stupor, waking only when he felt the cold metal of handcuffs on his wrists. "What the hell?" 

Mollie stood over him, completely naked, and holding a kitchen knife. "Okay no more games. Where the fuck is my daughter?" 

