Rhythm`s Torment

Author: Newbz

*000*2019-09-06 05:40

Briefing

So I have been watching in silence on this website for a long time. I have been around this site and many other by never really interacted with people. Recently I went on a story hunt to read all of my favorite stories from over the years. This has finally inspired me to throw my hat into the ring that is fiction and this website is perfect for this. I'm no writer and my English is horrible despite it being the only language so bare with me. Today's story is going to be a start on a long running series set in a fantasy world that I have been creating for a while now. Some stories may link, others may have events that happen in other stories who knows. I'm not gonna weave some grand old plot with epic world building, just wanna write a story about desperation and bladder bulging.

Part 1

Rhythm was sleeping restlessly in her bed, she was having a nightmare about things that have happened in the past. Then lightening struck and thunder roared forcing her to wake up in a cold sweat. The little elf woman sighed and rubbed her forehead in frustration. She looked around and saw that is was still rather dark, this made her debate on if she should sleep or get up and do something. On one hand she could get up and do something but on the other she loved to sleep, however with the nightmare she just had she chose the latter. She sat up on her bed and looked at the clock on the wall. Even if it was dark she had some degree of night vision and saw that it was 4:50AM, this meant she had a full 2 hrs to do what ever she wanted. Before she can consider even thinking about what she could do on her bed she felt a sharp pain in her abdomen. Now that she calmed down a bit from jolting awake the urge to pee made itself well known, so much so her bladder was even bulging a bit.

Rhythm is a bit lazy and tends to laze around, because of this she would often stay on one spot for hours just relaxing. This caused her to have a tendency to hold her pee in for long periods of time, while she had many close calls those didn't stop her from lazing around. However this time the need was very dire, her bladder was screaming to be drained but her splinter muscles where very much ready to hold if needed. She cursed under her breath wishing she could improve her hold time, while this wasn't the worst need she ever had it was still annoying that her bladder was the one thing that held her relaxing time back. Just as she was about to get up and go her phone had a message. Even with the urgent need she would take any excuse to delay using the bathroom, so long as there is a decent reason other than she is lazy she will postpone the need. It was her next door neighbor Calypso another fellow elf.

"Hey are you up?" Calypso texted to her friend

"Yeah? Your lucky you texted me just now lightning woke me up" Rhythm texted in response

"Oh same......but anyway what are you doing? I'm too scared to go back to sleep sooo wanna do something before we have to work?" Calypso quickly responded back

"What do you mean something? If you want to do something your coming over to my pad alright?" Rhythm texted back with some defiance

"Awwww your so mean! Its dark and maybe its gonna rain! God why are you so dam lazy!" Calypso snapped back at her

"Hey you came to me so dem is the rules. If your not gonna do it them I'm gonna go pee" Rhythm texted back after some time

"Fine fine, that is another thing! Stop holding for so long, I'm sick and tired of covering your ass when you nearly explode!" Calypso snapped back at her

"Hey look at it like this eventually....I may be able to hold it all throughout work. That way I'm out of your hair" Rhythm texted back

"Bet you can't last till lunch time with your bladder" Calypso texted

While Rhythm was a very passive person and just let things happen, not that confrontational and didn't care what people thought of her. This time she a bit offended, for ever since she was a child she had an larger than average bladder which she had a tiny bit of pride in. So she had an idea she was gonna take up the challenge placed in front of her.

"Okay bitch your on but instead of lunch time I will last all day till work ends. I don't know why you bother place a bet, I never do this but hey first for everything" Rhythm texted back with some defiance

"Oh? Till the end of work with drinking that soda you love so much? If you don't do it I will show you how its done and with style!" Calypso texted with pride

"Yeah yeah normal drinks and if I win you owe me a case of that good stuff...deal?" Rhythm questioned

"Deal good luck<3" Calypso texted with some sass

Rhythm knew she fell for her friends usually tricks to get her to do something or change but she didn't care, she is thinking in the now and free soda was nice. She can laze around in bed because she had a proper more permanent excuse in her mind. She fell back into bed with a smile on her face, this bet was gonna help her hold and a free case of sorrel soda, then her bladder reminded her it was full. She grimaced as she looked at her abdomen, being the chubby side and seeing a bulge showed the sheer volume and time she held it for was huge.

Thinking back to when she last went was noon yesterday and since then drank nearly 2 liters of soda and 500ml of water, this meant she had give or take was holding it for 16 hrs at this point. Which is somewhat normal for her standards but she had a hard time imagining lasting till 4 PM at the moment she was rather uncomfortable so much so she was pressing her leg together slightly. At this point she wanted to text her friend back and call it off but this weird and rare since of pride washed over her. She sighed deeply and decided to stick to it till she leaked once.

She spent the last 2hrs sipping on soda and playing games on her phone, when it alarm went off to signal to her to get her fat ass up to get ready to work. With other sigh she finally got up when a wave of urgency hit her like a ton of bricks. Her phone was the bets distraction for her but now that she was standing her bladder made itself known even more, looking down it had swollen up ever so slightly. To calm her bladder she slowly rubbed her legs together till she felt a bit better. Once she regain some composure she began her daily routine, first a shower, normally a bath so she cal sit in the tub but she wants to be in and out of water as quickly as she can. Arriving at her old style bathroom she looked at the mirror, she was a rather short woman 4'8'' which was common for an elf for her age of 22, long pointy ears and brown hair.

With blue eyes and a very chubby body to boot, her appearance really didn't bother her all that much plus she dug having large boobs and massive thighs. She frowned ever so slightly at her bulging bladder, she stomach wasn't to big but due to he being chubby her natural stomach bump and bladder bulge made her look huge. In her mind she was just waiting for all the pregnancy jokes, shaking her head she took a very quick and cold shower. This was bad idea as the sudden chill made her do a little pee pee dance, this forced her to take a really short shower before she lost it right then and there. "FUCK ME! I need to last for 9 more hours?!" She groaned loudly as she looked at her toilet, it was tempting but for once she was gonna commit. With that she changed into some brown soft pants, flats and a black tunic top.

Around 8 AM is when her friend came knocking on the door. For that hour Rhythm was just eating a lot and drinking like normal, it seemed that when she was in her zone all needed melted away so that knock shocked her back into reality forcing her to squeeze her legs together tightly. After a bit of time she got up and walked over to the door with her bag in tow. She was greeted but a slightly taller 4'10'' very slim, red headed elf known as Calypso. She was dressed in similar attire as her friend.

"Let me guess you gave up because it too hard" Calypso mocked her friend

"Tell me if this is a bladder that has given up" Rhythm barked back as she rose up her top to show her significantly larger stomach. This actually shocked her friend in many ways, for 1 she finally got her friend to commit, 2 she honestly thinks she is gonna lose now and 3 she actually likes to see her friend hold in her pee. For a while now Calypso got excited whens she saw her friend ran off to go or look like a balloon when she was really stubborn this bet was to see if she could watch her some more. This revelation made her frozen in place just staring at Rhythm's stomach.

"Uhhhh hello? We gonna get walking and talking or are you gonna stare at me all day?" Rhythm questioned her friend in annoyance, plus she needed for her to keep talking and distracting her. She thinks she can make it so long as she is distracted with anything. With that they walked down the road to work.

*003*2019-09-08 19:25

{{On 9/7/2019 at 10:51 AM, huberp76 said:

Great story, i love it.

I love that Rythm did not wee since noon yesterday, that her bladder is swollen and bulging and that she would try to hold it until work.

Only the imagination is total arousing for me.

I would love it more if Rythm would be skinny because I love to see a bulging bladder in a girls flat abdomen between her pregnant hip bones swollen up to her navel, but that is subjective and that is good so that everyone like it different.

I like it too if she is a little bit chubby, important is that her bladder big and full!

Great story, thank you!

}}

Thanks! Eventually I will get to different types of people, some tall, short, chubby muscular etc.

*004*2019-09-08 19:25

{{On 9/6/2019 at 9:58 PM, Melificentfan said:

I am loving this story so far

}}

Thank you I will slowly get better at this.

*005*2019-10-09 04:20

Part 2

The sun was out in all its glory, as the day began for everyone on Nova Town. This town was a small haven for elves, imps and dwarfs, while there was a mix of other races those were the three main races within this town. Rhythm and Calypso where walking down one of the main streets, Calypso was rather friendly so she waved and greeted those who she was familiar with. Rhythm on the other hand while not anti social she had bigger fish to fry in the form of her ever growing bladder. She had about 3 liters of liquid that she drank over the course of 20 hours, at this point her trying to get distracted from anything that she can engage with was becoming more difficult. Her friend picked up on this because Rhythm grew quiet and her body movements where very stiff. Calypso had a lot of thoughts running through her head.

"Wow she is really doing it...I kinda wanna see how far she can go but...I will have to buy her a case! Oh what should I do" Calypso thought this over

"Hey Cal can you do the cooking for the morning?" Rhythm said very quickly. She also began to speed up her pace as their little bakery was within sight.

"Umm yeah sure! Just don't fall asleep at the register as usual." Calypso said with some annoyance

"Trust me I will be wide awake" Rhythm quickly spoke again.

The duo entered a small bakery that can be run by two people and of course with some magic involved. Both Rhythm and Calypso where very proficient in magic but lacked the magic pool to become traveling merchants. So they settled on this small bakery that they can run. Calypso quickly went into the kitchen to prepare for the day while Rhythm just sat down at the cash register. Now that she was finally seated she began to cross her legs tightly and was rocking on the seat, her stomach was huge now but was still soft to touch. This knowledge gave her some relief because she can now bank on her bladder expanding much further if she paced herself. While not feeling like she was gonna explode at any moment she knew she can't be as lazy as she can be for today. Then Calypso spoke out to her

"Hey! Think you will love this, so your usual case of soda well there is a case here with a new flavor plus a note. Dear Rhythm we at the Sun Shine Soda Company would like you gift you this new flavor we call Dawning. Please accept our gift and send us a review of this new flavor" Calypso recited this as a 24 case of soda floated next to Rhythm.

"Oh....thanks...." Rhythm said with fear. This threw a monkey wrench into her plan, while she can simply ignore these soda cans she was very addicted to this brand of soda. It helped her through some rough times and this was a new flavor. She decided to have one can and was banking on this new flavor wasn't good but sadly this new flavor was amazing. It was this very citrus but sweet taste to it and the carbonation was just right. She was in tears both in joy of this case but in pain as she felt like that liquid went straight to her bladder.

“This is amazing..screw needing to pee I NEED THIS SODA IN ME!” Rhythm said with determination. Thus began her drinking binge, every single soda can was going to be consumed by her. For once in her life she had a goal and despite the huge effort to reach it she wants to reach it. Looking down at her stomach she noticed that her stomach was a few inches away from pressing up against the counter, she would use this as a mark, if her stomach touches it slightly she will stop. Over the course of 4 hrs she drank soda at her usual rate and dealt with customers, she went from bouncing her legs to tightly crossing them to now at around lunch time 12 noon she was grabbing her crotch every now and then.

She was thankful that she was sitting down but she really had to pee right now, her bladder was like a balloon and this is reflected in her stomach which was now pressing up against the counter. She was half way done with the case of soda. 6 liters of various liquids was sloshing around in her bladder at this point she couldn’t believe she was withstanding this much pressure and only had 4 more hours to go before sweet relief. However the worst time of the day is here for her getting up and switching places with her friend and having to bake various goods. When she sat up she gasped loudly and tightly gripped her crotch while squeezing her legs together. She had to do a full on pee pee dance to maintain some level of control, never in her life has she held this much for this long. While Rhythm was suffering Calypso was watching her in silence and was very excited at the display. She was amazed by her friend’s resolve for once and was a bit turned on by Rhythm.

“Hey how are you going...you know I can stay in the kitchen and you keep sitting down” Calypso offered.

“Yes please...I feel like I’m gonna” Rhythm answered by was interrupted by a sudden spurt of pee escaping from her crotch. Her cheeks were now flushed red in embarrassment and her pussy was throbbing in pain as she regains control. Then another longer spurt escaped, she ran towards the bathroom. Her friend followed closely as Rhythm entered the bathroom and slammed the door shut. She then had the best and longest pee of her life a whole 5 minutes of nonstop hard peeing. She almost felt like she would of had an orgasm if she didn’t control herself, then at the 6 minute mark it stopped. She was so relieved and turned on right now that she sat on the toilet to regain her composure. Once she exited the bathroom she was met with her friend standing right outside.

“Ahaha I knew you wouldn’t last till the end of work I WIN!” Calypso said but at the back of her mind she was saddened that the hold ended.

“Yeah yeah, I could of done it if I didn’t have all of those sodas. Hell I looked like I was a few months pregnant by the time I finished the 5th can” Rhythm responded and was going to go to the kitchen since she wasn’t on the verge of wetting herself.

“Hold on a minute! I’m gonna show you how it's done!” Calypso said as she took a bottle of water

“Ehh? Wait your serious? I thought you were joking you're seriously going to hold it from now till 4 tomorrow?” Rhythm questioned her friend. Calypso has a look of determination on her face as she nodded and went to the front desk.

“My friend is one hell of a weirdo” Rhythm said to herself before retreating to the kitchen to finish a day's work and enjoy the soda more easily.

"I'm too lazy...what a let down I just gave up once I lost control once..wonder if I should work on that" These thoughts filled her mind for the rest of the day.

Sorry this took so long but life comes at you suddenly and without any warning. I will be cranking out a few more of these stories slowly, I believe my next one will involve either a lamia, giant or dragon. Also drawing of what Rhythm looks like.

$$

