Hogwarts Mystery

Author: Nimbus

*000*2019-09-16 16:30

Hey! I'm back! Unfortunately I have a flash drive elsewhere that has a few stories I haven't been able to post yet, but in the meantime I've played Hogwarts Mystery and thought it would be fun to do a story on it. A few things I should probably mention are that this is set in an AU where Hogwarts students are 18 and get tutored when they turn eleven till they can go to Hogwarts and learn magic officially. The tutoring is just basic things to keep their magic in check so they don't cause any accidents, and just magical theory to prime them for Hogwarts. Other than that I guess I don't have a lot to say other than I drew my character and Rowan if you want to see that check the spoiler below. Otherwise Enjoy!

Spoiler

$$

$$

Emily found herself little more than a series of nerves furiously flitting between anticipation and anxiety. Her hand grasped the side rail of the Hogwarts express as she paused mid-step before boarding the train. The sea of conflict swirling inside her felt as if it would erupt out like an obscurus at any moment. Was she walking normally? Did she look weird? Which house would she be sorted into? Who’s he? Would she learn to fly this year? Emily didn’t know if she wanted to turn around and jump off the train before it could leave the station or race it to the castle.

With a deep breath, Emily pulled herself fully onto the train and began her search for a compartment. Her eyes drifted from the rush of faces which moved passed her, from other anxious first years like her who also desperately looked for a place to belong, to the more relaxed returning students laughing casually with their friends. It wasn’t long before she heard the whispers. Emily tried to ignore what the other students said as she pushed passed them in search for a compartment to herself.

“Is that Jacob’s sister?

“Great another Gardner kid?”

“-is the last thing we need.”

“I hear her brother joined-”

“The search continues.”

“-Vaults. As if you hide something-”

Finally, after nearly breaking out into a run, Emily found an empty compartment. She slammed the door behind her. With an exasperated sigh, Emily draped herself across one of the bench seats on her back, her legs in the air, resting her feet against the wall. She produced her wand and absently began to swirl it in the air above her face, watching as the tip emitted a dim trail of golden light. The lessons her tutor taught her returned to the surface of her consciousness: how to expend minor amounts of magic with her training wand to prevent accidental discharges and how these discharges became more likely in moments of extreme emotion.

Ever since Emily turned, eleven tutors would come to her house to teach her how to safely train herself in very rudimentary magic work to prepare herself for this moment. The moment when she would attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Gone were the theories of magic, the mere flexing of magical “muscles” to prevent build-up, the study of the mundane muggle teachings. She was finally ready to become a real witch, like her mother.

“That’s Blackthorn, right?” A soft voice startled Emily.

Emily sat up, straightened her robes out as a dark-haired girl peeked into the compartment. Emily hadn’t even heard the door open; she was so deep in thought. “um, what was that?”

“Sorry, but that’s a blackthorn wand, right?” The girl stepped into the compartment.

“uh, Right. How’d you know?”

“My family owns a tree farm that supplies the woods for wands and broomsticks. I’m Rowan Khanna, by the way. Like the wand wood, only my wands actually Cedar…” Rowan extended her hand towards Emily a bit awkwardly.

Emily shook her hand with a smile. “I’m Emily, Emily Gardner.”

“Wait. Are you related to Jacob Gardner?”

Emily’s face darkened. “Yes. He’s my brother.”

“The same Jacob who got expelled for-“

“Yes. The Cursed Vaults Jacob.” Emily confirmed, staring at her own feet.

“I’m sorry I didn’t mean to dredge that up. It’s just… it was a huge story in the Daily Prophet. Everyone in the school is going to know about it.”

“I’m keenly aware of that, thank you.” Emily sighed. “I’m not exactly starting Hogwarts on my best foot, am I?”

“No, I suppose not.” Rowan shuffled her feet awkwardly. “But I probably won’t be either, if it helps.”

“Why do you say that?”

“Well, I’ve never really had many friends, honestly. I’ve always been a bit of a bookworm, and I guess that didn’t really go over well with the other kids growing up.”

“I’m sorry.” Emily offered awkwardly.

“It’s alright.” Rowan smiled. “At least I was allowed to read instead of working on my family’s farm. My parents were thrilled that I loved reading; they think that I could be the youngest professor to teach at Hogwarts.”

“Well, if we’re both outcasts, we might as well be outcasts together, right?” Emily smiled up at Rowan.

Rowan’s face lit up. “It would be my pleasure, Ms. Gardner!” She made an exaggerated curtsy.

“Well, Ms. Khanna, why don’t you join me on this marvelous journey to Hogwarts.” Emily feigned a posh accent.

“I can think of nothing else that would make me happier.” Rowan mimicked Emily’s cadence before sitting across from her. “Blackthorn’s an unusual wand, by the way.”

“Is it?” Emily held out her wand to admire it.

After a lengthy discussion of the properties of wand woods, the Hogwarts Express pulled into its destination. A large dark lake sprawled out before a massive stone castle, rising above a hilly forest amidst the valley. Rowan and Emily checked to make sure their robes were presentable before the two disembarked.

“Which house are you hoping for?” Rowan asked as they stepped off the train.

“Honestly, I dunno. My brother was Slytherin, and maybe if I can get into Slytherin, I can figure out what happened to him.” Emily whispered.

“Speaking of your brother, what do you want me to do if people bother you about him?”

“You don’t have to do anything.” Emily chuckled. “I can handle myself, but thanks for your concern. Which house do you want to get in?”

“Well, perhaps Ravenclaw would help me on my way to becoming a professor, but-”

“First years! First years! Come along, this way, First years!” A giant of a man with dark wild hair and beard stood far above the students spilling out on to the platform. “Follow me, First years.” The giant led the new students towards the lake.

“He’s huge.” Emily gaped.

“I think he’s Hagrid. He’s the games keeper here at Hogwarts. My uncle told me about him.” Rowan whispered. “Apparently, he’s quite fond of magical creatures; especially, the dangerous ones.”

Hagrid ushered the students to a series of rowboats docked at the edge of the lake. “Now no more than three students to a rowboat. This’ll take ye, to the castle. You’ll be following Professor McGonagall to the great hall where ye’ll be sorted. No rough housin’ now, ye hear me?”

“There are no paddles,” Emily observed.

“It’s magic.” Rowan laughed. “They move themselves.”

“Right. I guess I should’ve figured that out myself.” Emily stumbled into the boat.

Once both students situated themselves, the wooden bow began to glide across the black waters of the lake. The boats barely seemed to disturb the water as they made their way towards the castle. Emily peered into the depth below, but her vision couldn’t pierce the surface.

“They say there’s a giant squid that lives in the lake,” Rowan said.

Emily retreated into the center of the boat.

When Emily joined the crowd of first years at the other end of the lake, she found herself relieved to realize that they didn’t recognize her as the sister of Jacob. Thankfully, only her brother’s picture was published so they wouldn’t know who she was. Yet. At any rate, Emily enjoyed the break from gossiping.

Professor McGonagall led the students through the castle into a large dining hall. Four long rows of tables led to a raised platform where a long table sat what must have been the professors and faculty. Above the hall seemed to be an open night sky, twinkling with stars. Floating wax candles lit the room from above, without dripping any wax on the students below. McGonagall stood atop the raised platform, next to a single stool and a grubby looking hat.

“Welcome to Hogwarts. Before we can begin the welcome feast, we must first sort our new students into their proper houses.” McGonagall began. “While you are here, your house will become something like your family within Hogwarts. The four houses are Gryffindor, the brave and chivalrous; Hufflepuff, the kind and diligent; Ravenclaw, the witty and wise; and Slytherin, the cunning and ambitious. Each has its own noble history, and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards. I hope you will all be fine additions to their ranks.”

Emily slipped her hand into the pocket of her robe and rolled her wand between her fingers. Her heart felt like it was going to burst out of her chest. She shifted her feet from her heels to the balls of her feet. She was so lost in nervous thoughts of the future; she almost didn’t hear Professor McGonagall call her name.

Rowan gave her a reassuring pat on the shoulder when Emily passed her. Emily felt her nerves prickle with anxiety when she turned to face the mass of students staring up at her. She took her seat on the stool and felt the hat plop down on her head.

“hrm.” A voice called out in her head. “Very interesting. Another Gardner, with so many conflicting paths. Which will you choose, I wonder? A path of greatness? A path of daring and heroics? Will you choose to pursue secrets and forbidden knowledge? Uncertain? No. I see it now. Better be, Slytherin!”

Emily stood up to scattered cheers from the Slytherin table. She smiled weakly and made her way to an area of the table where she could sit by herself. Without the rush of blood in her ears, Emily could hear the whispers that followed her. Rowan flashed Emily a wave before she marched up to the chair to be sorted. After a moment of silence, the sorting hat declared “Slytherin!”

A huge wave of relief washed over Emily. Rowan sat down next to her with an ear to ear grin. “Looks like we’re both cunning and ambitious, huh?” Emily managed a smile.

Once each student was sorted, a tall long-bearded man rose from the center of the table. “Welcome! Welcome to another year at Hogwarts. To those who do not yet know who I am, I am Albus Dumbledore, the headmaster of this wonderful school. Remember, while at Hogwarts your triumphs will earn you house points, while any rule-breaking will do the opposite. At the end of the year, the house with the most points will win the House Cup, a great honor. It is my hope, dear students, that each of you will be a credit to your house. Now enjoy the feast.”

In an instant, the tables filled with hundreds of delicious dishes. Emily hadn’t realized quite how hungry she was until the food appeared before her. With very minimal talking, both Emily and Rowan enjoyed the feast until the houses were each called to their dormitories.

The Slytherin students followed their prefect into the back of the dungeons, where they emerged into a stone common room. The room was oddly comfortable, Emily thought to herself. Ivy decorated the walls above murals, leading towards a stone fireplace in front of a couple of couches. At the end of the room were glass windows that looked out into the lake.

“Are we underwater? Can the glass withhold that?” Emily asked Rowan.

Before Rowan could answer an older student pointed his wand at Emily. “I can’t believe they let you in here after your mental brother got expelled.” He grumbled. “The last thing Slytherin needs is another Gardner to ruin its reputation.”

“Emily is not going to ruin Slytherin’s reputation.” Rowan narrowed her eyes. “By the end of the year, you’ll be thrilled she’s in the same house as you.”

“I doubt it.” The boy scoffed before moving on.

“I’m sorry, Emily, I know you said you didn’t want me to stand up for you, but I just got caught up and-“

“Rowan. It’s alright. Thank you.” Emily smiled.

Rowan smiled back. “So… what class are you looking forward to?”

“I guess… charms if I had to choose. It’s probably my best bet at figuring out how to help my brother.”

“How do you figure?”

“Well, my brother was talented at charms. He became close to Professor Flitwick. I’m hoping maybe he knows what could have happened to my brother. At the very least, maybe I can learn a spell that will help me find him.”

“Well, fortunately for you, we have charms first thing in the morning.” Rowan beamed. “I’m sorry about your brother, but together we can find him. I’m sure of it.”

“Thank you, Rowan. For now, let’s find our beds. I’m exhausted.”

Alright! So no wettings or desperation in this chapter, but don't you worry! I already have plans to fulfill that need of yours dear readers. Anyways, it's great to be back! Leave any questions, comments, critiques below and have a lovely day!

*003*2019-09-17 20:25

{{15 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

His is excellent so far I am loving this story

}}

Thank you! Glad to hear it :)

{{1 hour ago, Sluttisen said:

I'm sensing some real classy omorashi ahead. Can't wait!

}}

Haha well I hope I can live up that starting with next chapter which should be up soon!

