The Golden Ratio: Six Girls, One Bathroom - Page 3

Author: Noot

*054*2020-11-05 11:59

Next part! WARNING: we haven't really gotten to the "sexual content" part of the story yet. And, uh... that's gonna change in this chapter. Enjoy!

###

Chapter Three

Little Distractions

"Later maybe you could try

To let your losses dangle off

The sharp edge of a century

We'll talk about the weather, or

How the weather used to be"

- The Weakerthans

Next to the room in which Chloe was desperately squirming, and almost directly above the spot where Sophie was emptying her guts, Molly had already been awake for some time.

She'd never been a late sleeper. No matter how late she went to bed, Molly had always found it impossible to wake up any later than nine in the morning. So instead, on Sundays like this one where she had nothing to do until lunchtime several hours away, she would lie there and browse the internet, using her knees and her breasts to prop up her laptop in a comfortable little wedge. While Chloe and Sophie were naked sleepers, Molly had long since learned that wearing a pyjama top to bed made using her second-hand Macbook significantly simpler. This morning she had nothing on at all but a thin purple t-shirt that did almost nothing to conceal two generous nipples.

The temperature in the room was just how she liked it- cosy to the point of being hot. A lot of people would've balked at the idea of sleeping in a room as warm has this one, but not Molly. Cranking up the radiator before bed was her go-to when she wanted to fall asleep easily, and she rarely found herself overheating in the mornings. Her head was uncovered, and her smooth, hairless arms, and that was usually all she needed. On this occasion she allowed herself one extra extravagance: her toenails, still painted violet, poked out of the end of the duvet at the foot of the bed. For the most part, though, she was perfectly content under the thick duvet.

For an hour or more, she flicked through her usual sites, finding comfort in the familiar routine of catching up on what she'd missed in her drunkenness: Twitter, Instagram, her packed Youtube subscription box (skipping past the bits she didn't care about) and Facebook messages. When she'd exhausted all of her go-to options, Molly fired up Google Docs and opened the folder in which she was still attempting, piece by painful piece, to write her first novel. Instead of writing, though, she stared blankly at the half-empty document for a few moments and then blinked.

Despite her best efforts, Molly was beginning to feel more than a little distracted. She needed a wee, but it was more than just that. The heat between her legs, she was guessing, was caused by more than just the radiator. Her nipples were poking up through that thin purple top now, not yet erect but certainly growing. This was nothing she wasn't used to. Something about waking up slowly tended to make Molly horny- she had no idea why, but that had been the case for as long as she could remember. Gradually, inevitably, her touch started to move on the mousepad. She clicked the button she'd pressed more times than she could ever count.

New Incognito Window.

Molly could barely stop herself. Instantly, that recognisable dark screen popped up. Molly gazed guiltily at it. Part of her felt that watching pornography in bed only a few days after moving in was a bit excessive. The rest of her knew that she had to do it anyway. She knew that, once the idea was in her head, it would be hard to concentrate on anything else until she had finished. She gave into this second beast with an alarming ease. It was all too simple to comply with the demands of her body.

Her fingers glided automatically across the keyboard, knowing exactly what to type. She'd done this so many times before that there was no doubt in her mind where she was going. As she typed she became dimly aware that she needed the toilet far more than she'd first realised. That would have to wait now. There were more important things to deal with first.

Within seconds she was looking at a thin young blonde dressed in tight, light jeans and a black bra. This was a woman that Molly had seen once before, a few days before moving in. She remembered the video vividly and wasn't surprised to find herself returning to it so soon. On the screen, the girl was standing upright in a bathtub, against the backdrop of a tiled white wall.

Her legs squirmed restlessly, and the only sound (other than that familiar humming of a home video camera) was the denim of her thighs rubbing together. While her face was out of sight, long hair hung over her shoulders and rested on her chest. Her hands fidgeted by her sides, twitching as if she desperately wanted to grab herself but was resisting the impulse.

Already falling under the mystery woman's spell, Molly reached over with one finger and cautiously tapped the button marked F12 a few times. The volume came up just the smallest amount, but she didn't dare go any higher in case anyone was passing by on the landing outside. Now that the video was playing more loudly, there were more noises for Molly to take in; heavy, feminine breathing, distant music and then- there it was- a sharp, high-pitched moan.

Molly barely noticed that she had started holding her breath. The girl on the screen had captivated her. She slid one finger without looking to the corner of the video and pressed the icon to make it fullscreen. Then, thoughtlessly, her hand snaked beneath her cotton t-shirt and found her waiting left breast. Her slim fingers closed around the full, heavy shape. Molly could feel her nipple poking into her palm. She squeezed gently, sending an electric pulse tingling down her spine and into her crotch. There was no doubting now that she was hot down there.

Meanwhile, the blonde girl in the video was wriggling with more intensity than before. Her legs bent and bounced, hips twisting, boobs shaking gently while she battled her bladder. Still massaging herself, Molly couldn't look away. She was usually a patient connoisseur when it came to pornography, but something about this girl made her want to skip straight to the finale. It was hard to put her finger on exactly what about the video turned Molly on so much, but she had some ideas: the black bra just teasing the women's body without showing too much off, the way her jeans tightly hugged her figure, the fact that her face was obscured but that lovely blonde hair was still visible...

Mostly, though, it was the squirming. She found something so sexy about the sight of this smooth-skinned seductor squeezing her thighs together desperately, both of them knowing that she could lose control at any moment. The way her legs moved with no logical structure, just doing whatever they could to hold on, drove Molly wild. She couldn't help loving how the girl would speed up and slow down like a racing car weaving in and out of a twisting track, going from frantic dancing to controlled clenching every few seconds. Watching the video made Molly's own need to go feel far more pronounced, which never usually happened for her. And yet she was already in the deep end- she'd have to hold it.

The girl opened her legs, just by a few inches, and Molly's heart rate picked up. She'd seen enough videos like this one to know what was about to happen. It was clear how badly the girl wanted to hold herself, and part of Molly would have enjoyed watching that, but the animal inside her wanted an unobstructed view. The girl moaned again, and a tiny but unmistakable dark patch formed on the crotch of those sky-blue jeans. That was too much for Molly, who couldn't resist the temptation any longer. Her free hand slipped gratefully under the covers and found her pussy, wet, warm and waiting. The first contact with her sensitive labia was heaven. For a second she imagined how it would feel to be the woman in the video, doing everything she could to hold it in.

But the woman in the video was failing. As Molly watched, the wet spot grew to the size of a small coin, still holding that perfect circular shape. Molly's thumb, which she liked to rest on her hairless mound when she did these things, accidentally brushed against the hood of her clit and she shuddered. Unable to wait any longer, her fingers fell into that pattern she knew so well, rubbing in hard little circles. Her other hand still played with and pleasured her breast. Her eyes were fixated on the screen, waiting for the woman to explode.

She didn't have to wait long. The girl moaned again, so loudly this time that Molly was almost worried someone might hear, and the coin-sized patch quickly turned into an abstract shape, a shape Molly had seen a thousand times but couldn't name. It was a pee-stain shape. The patch of indigo was stretching out now, reaching the girl's inner thighs, and showing no signs of stopping. But then it did stop, if only for a few seconds, and Molly knew that the woman had hit her limit. She remembered this part of the video so clearly. This was the part Molly had been waiting for.

"Oh fuck, I can't hold it," said the girl on the screen.

Molly's body responded enthusiastically. She pressed her fingers down even harder, quickening their movement. By now her nipple was rock-hard against her skin. Her world was nothing but her and this beautiful woman as the latter totally lost control, flooding her jeans as Molly had always known she would, as Molly had been waiting for. Rivulets of darkness started to fork down her legs, glistening wetly, dripping through the fabric. She could just about hear the way the fluid hit the bathtub. It kept gushing for almost a minute, during which Molly was battling against the urge to close her eyes. She didn't want to miss anything.

Then, when the girl's accident finally ended, Molly folded her laptop shut and put it on the bed beside her. The video had finished but Molly had not. She readjusted her position, lying flat on the bed once again, head on the thin pillow. Almost instantly, her hand returned to her sex, soaking wet and almost hot to the touch. Now she did close her eyes, breathing hard, searching for some mental stimuli to carry her across the line. Outside her room she heard footsteps, crossing the landing and then hurrying down the stairs. She wondered who it could be- not Chloe, but it could have been anyone else. Amira, maybe, or Abigail.

Or Sophie. Without her consent, Sophie had arrived in Molly's head, followed swiftly by Chloe and Carmen. She remembered it, now: the willow dome, last night, where the four of them had sheltered for some much-needed relief. Molly could remember how it had felt, sharing in that intimate experience with these three attractive women. She hadn't been turned on at the time. That was always the way. In the moment it was always just a normal part of life. Only later that night, or the next morning, did encounters like those turn from bonding moments into masturbatory material. She couldn't help it.

All at once, Molly realised that she was close. The girl in the video had done most of the legwork, and now her memories of the previous night were almost tipping her over the edge. The orgasm was building up in her like a volcano, ready to erupt at any moment, needing no more than the tiniest push to set her off. It came to her quickly- something so specific, so minute, that she was surprised she could recall it. But it was so clear in her mind that it was like she was hearing it now: the sound of Carmen's relieved moan when she'd started peeing.

That was all it took. Molly came hard, legs drawing up involuntarily into that upside-down V, gripping her breast tightly. She convulsed, having to fight the urge to release a moan of her own, biting down on one lip to keep quiet. Her fingers slid across her pussy as easily as a puck on an ice rink. They slowed, not by choice, but because she couldn't keep going any longer over the waves of blinding pleasure. Carmen's voice still echoed in her ears.

Then it was gone, and right away- as she had known it would be- her animalistic joy was replaced by hot, sweaty shame. She didn't know what was worse- wanking over her friends, or wanking over people she'd only known for a few days. Either way, it felt wrong in the afterglow of what had been her biggest orgasm in months. She wondered how Carmen would react if she'd known. There was a small chance she'd be understanding, even flattered... but more likely the response would be one of disgust, maybe fear. Molly looked at her hand, coated in thick juices, and sighed. She reached for the roll of toilet paper by the side of her bed, grabbed a few squares, wiped herself off as best she could. It wasn't perfect, but nothing a shower later couldn't clean away.

She swung her legs off the side of her bed and they found the warm floorboards. For once, she was grateful for her bladder's insistence. Needing a wee gave her the perfect excuse to push her perversion to the back of her mind. She tugged on the panties and jeans that she'd been wearing last night (no point putting on a new pair before showering) and gave herself a quick check in the mirror. Her make-up was nowhere near the standard she'd usually require before leaving her room, but her bladder was fuller than she'd realised while lying down, and there wasn't much point in keeping up pretences around her new housemates. So, instead, she grabbed her phone and left the room, looking forward to emptying herself.

*057*2020-11-07 01:10

Next chapter! Chronologically this takes place a few minutes before Molly's chapter but I didn't want to publish two poop chapters in a row. Enjoy!

Chapter Four

Waking Beauty

"And you will never know just how beautiful you are to me

But maybe I'm just in love when you wake me up"

- Ed Sheeran

If Carmen had a penny for every time she woke up needing to use the bathroom, she would have a hell of a lot of pennies.

Maybe it was to do with her careless bedtime routine. Ever since she was young, Carmen had made a habit out of simply going to sleep whenever she felt tired. Sometimes that meant just rolling into bed, between the covers, without even visiting the bathroom at all. Other times she would pop in only to brush her teeth. Growing up with four siblings, getting more than a few minutes alone in the bathroom was often a luxury, and in their modest home they hadn't even had a lock on the door. Privacy wasn't much of a concept in her family. People came and went as they pleased, not even sparing a thought as to who might be in the tub or sitting on the toilet when they burst in.

But as she got older, Carmen had found that there were two perfect windows during the day in which she could use the bathroom in peace for as long as she wanted: once when her mother was already at work and her siblings had left for school, and once in the evening when dessert was being served to the younger kids. In those glorious moments, there was nobody anywhere near their peaceful upstairs restroom, and Carmen could take as long as she needed to wash and do her business. Those were the moments when she tended to try for a number two, safe in the knowledge that she wouldn't be interrupted. It wasn't that she minded her siblings or her madre seeing her on the potty- far from it; Carmen didn't see the need for modesty around them. But when someone else wanted to use it, she tended to feel bad for making them wait, and that led her to rush doing her business.

So, instead, she preferred to hold it until she could find one of those precious moments of tranquility- whenever possible. Sometimes, nature called sooner or more intensely than she'd expected, and waiting wasn't an option. On those occasions she'd had to put up with countless bemused looks from one of her sisters when she'd burst in on them having a bath so that she could pee, or deal with the good-natured laughter of her younger brother, Rubén, who would sometimes be in the middle of brushing his teeth when she'd come in to release a morning poop that refused to stay in any longer.

It was that morning poop that most often posed problems for Carmen. Her body demanded release at the start of every single day, more reliably than clockwork. As sure as the sun would come up each dawn, Carmen would need to empty her bowels shortly afterwards. Usually she could pause that urge until everyone was out of the house and there was nobody to interrupt her. But not always. And on those nights, as she'd gotten older, that she'd found herself more than a little bit drunk, she was sure to pay for it when she woke up.

This morning was no different. No sooner had she opened her eyes than a grumpy grumbling in her bowels told her that she'd need to get a move on if she didn't want to spend the rest of the day shopping for new bedsheets. She closed her wide eyes again, praying that she could simply slip back into blissful sleep and not have to get up for another three or four hours (at least). Her body protested, though. Carmen groaned inwardly, far from thrilled with the demands her stomach was making. She fumbled for her phone on the small table beside her bed and bought it up to her face, squinting in the dim light.


Even first thing in the morning, Carmen was gorgeous. Her hair never seemed to lose its shape nor shine, flowing messily across the pillowcase like rich brown silk. Her teeth- even in spite of those nights when she skipped brushing them- glistened neatly between smooth lips. And then, following flawless skin down a slim neck, came the other part of her that she liked to leave uncovered overnight: two identically round breasts, each topped off with pert brown nipple.

Carmen had grown up in the suburbs of Seville, a place where thin blankets and exposed shoulders were the only way to avoid sweating through your sheets while you slept. When her family had relocated two-thirds of the way through her short life, that way of life had never gone away. Instead she preferred to keep the heating on an ample setting and drift off to sleep under a blanket no thicker than the average blouse. It didn't do her any harm with boys, either; she was yet to meet a man who didn't enjoy waking up next to her bare chest.

If the (relatively few) men in her sexual history always liked the sight of her naked body in the morning, they tended to feel a little differently after she'd smiled sweetly at them, climbed over their erect cock and headed to the bathroom to- as the English saying went- drop the kids off at the pool. Her en-suite bathroom the year before had, after all, been in full view of the bed where her sexual conquests would be waiting, confused. The sight, sounds and smells of this beautiful woman using the toilet almost never failed to turn them off like a lightswitch, although Carmen could rarely care less. 

She'd long since been aware that, with looks like hers, she could fuck for fun, picking and choosing whoever took her fancy and "allowing" them to win her over by buying her drinks and bending over backwards. Still, she rarely went down that route. Usually she was just as happy to hang out with her friends and have fun. Besides, the day she met a man who wasn't bothered by her sizeable poops would be the day she maybe- just maybe- met her match. If they couldn't handle her bodily functions, she was usually bored of them by the time the booze and the horniness had worn off when she awoke.

Besides, it wasn't as if she could help it. When Carmen had to go, she had to go. The window for which she could usually manage to postpone her daily dash to the toilet wasn't generally very big. She blamed it on a rich diet and a total lack of discipline to try and squeeze something out before she slept.

And that bought her right to this morning, when almost the first thing she became aware of after waking up was that she had to poop. The urge manifested itself first as a heaviness in the pit of her belly, but it was never a long wait before her body moved on to stage two: gas. Carmen pressed the Home button on her phone and the screen flickered into life, announcing the time- 10:34AM- and date. Sunday. Of course it was. Carmen had never done the maths, but she was fairly confident that at least eighty percent of her hangover stories started on a Sunday.

Carmen barely even thought twice when the pressure pushing against her anus made itself known. Instead she gave it just a little push, and sighed in vague relief as a fart rumbled rudely out of her like a whoopee cushion. It felt lovely to let it out, but she knew that it wouldn't be enough. She needed more. She needed a toilet.

But the bed was comfy and Carmen was lazy. She opened up Twitter, scrolling down her feed with an almost robotic monotony: a mixture of English and Spanish accounts, some news, some fashion, some celebrities. There was nobody on there who she knew in real life except for Rubén, who rarely posted anything. Then she switched to reading her texts, hoping as usual that she hadn't gotten drunk enough to message anyone the night before. Luckily, the only new conversation to be seen was something she'd sent Sophie some time after midnight.

Despite Carmen's best efforts to procrastinate in bed for as long as possible, though, her body was having none of it. The usual hungover pain in her belly told her that she would have to get up and get downstairs soon, and the foul smell of the fart she'd just released backed up that sentiment. So, reluctantly, Carmen let her phone drop back onto her pillow and threw her blanket off her body.

It wasn't hard to see why so many men coveted her figure. Her breasts were only the beginning, busty and bold; below them, the curves of a slim waist opened up like an hourglass to full hips, and there- tucked between her thighs- was a neatly-trimmed bush above the real prize. But Carmen wasn't thinking about that now. She was thinking-

"Ugh, I miss the en-suite," she muttered to herself, starting to search for something decent to put on. In her student room the year before, she'd been able to simply roll out of bed in the nude, walk for a few steps towards her private toilet, unload and cause all the stink she needed before heading back to sleep. Here that wasn't an option. Here she had to fish out her red, satin dressing gown and tie it on before she could leave the room. She didn't bother with underwear. Nobody was likely to be downstairs, in her mind, and anyone who was was hardly going to spend much time examining her for any potential lack of panties. Besides, she urgently needed to take a crap. There was no point angling for elegance now.

She was surprised, when she got downstairs, to find that she wasn't alone after all. The first sign that the morning wasn't going to go as simply as she'd planned was that, when she turned the corner, the bathroom door was shut all the way. That told her instantly that someone was surely inside. A glance to her left soon revealed another woman in the kitchen, and for a moment Carmen had to make a conscious effort to hide her surprise.

Chloe was standing in nothing but a pair of grey sweatpants, and Carmen got the feeling just from looking at them that there were no panties beneath. The girl's dirty-blonde hair hung loose over her shoulder. Clearly, she'd gotten up in a hurry. But what really caught Carmen's eye was Chloe's naked top half. Her boobs weren't enormous, but they were perky and full, looking almost like they were being held up by some invisible bra. Below, a slightly rounded belly gave little away. Her nipples were prickly and hard, presumably from the cold. When Chloe saw Carmen arrive, she instinctively crossed her arms in front of her to cover her breasts. Carmen thought her shyness was kind of cute.

"Oh, you don't have to do that, Chloe," she said sleepily, "I don't bite".

Chloe smiled and apologised meekly, but she did not lower her hands. "I wouldn't usually walk around the house with my tits out, but I couldn't find a top".

Carmen could only wave a hand in front of her face as if to say that she didn't care one iota. "They're only boobs, Chloe. Look-" she pulled her dressing down aside at the lapels for just a second, flashing her bare chest to her new housemate, "- nothing to be shy about".

That seemed to persuade Chloe, who finally relented and put her arms back down to a more natural position. Carmen noticed then that the girl was struggling to stand still. In turn, her knees kept bending and straightening, nervously switching from one side to the other.

"I really need a poo," Chloe admitted out of the blue, explaining her restlessness without being asked. "My mum called me just now, and I couldn't concentrate at all. It's like she was talking but all I could think was I need the toilet, I need the toilet".

Carmen laughed. "I know the feeling," she said, "I really need to go as well. I always need to go in the mornings". Right on cue, a fart slipped out of her behind, and Chloe giggled despite herself.

"I've done a few of those already," she confessed, "uh... sorry about the smell". She gave a sheepish grin which Carmen didn't have any time for.

"Don't worry about it, Chloe," she insisted, "I grew up with four siblings, farting is part of my daily routine. Who's in the bathroom?". She lowered her voice for the last question.

"Sophie," Chloe said in an equally whispered tone, "she's been sick a few times. I don't want to rush her, so I'm just trying to wait, but I don't know how much longer I can hold on".

Chloe jiggled up and down a few times as she spoke, and her boobs jiggled with her. Clearly she was desperate. Carmen thought it was endearing, if not strangely hot. She was grateful, too, that she wasn't the only one waiting for a chance to use their one and only bathroom. But the gurgling in her stomach didn't seem to have much patience left.

"Well, I hope she hurries," Carmen said, the smell of her fart hitting her ominously, "I can't hold it much longer, either".

*065*2020-12-04 01:02

FINALLY got some time to write more of this! I promise it won't be a month before the next chapter. Enjoy!

###

Chapter Five

Dressing Gown

"Say what you want to satisfy yourself

But you only want what everybody else says you should want"

- MIKA

There were few things in life Abigail despised more than the morning pee.

She hated everything about it: being woken up early by a full bladder was just about the most annoying thing she could think of. All she wanted to do was sleep until she was ready, particularly after a big night when she’d gotten to bed late. Then would come that song and dance she played with herself when she tried to convince herself that she didn’t need to go to the bathroom yet. She would usually roll over, close her eyes and try to get back to sleep with the determination of a terrier, tossing and turning to get as comfortable as her bulging belly would allow her.

Sometimes this charade would work, for a while; more often than not it was a miserable failure. Even when she managed to drift off, both her brain and her bladder knew that she was only delaying the inevitable. So, when she felt herself approaching the end of her tether, she would reluctantly accept that it was time to get out of bed. That bought its own challenges.

Many things had changed rather drastically in Abbie’s life over the few years before she moved to Manchester, but just as many seemed to have remained exactly the same. She still lazily peeled off her clothes and chucked them in some lame attempt at a pile on the bedroom floor before she turned in for each night, she still stripped off to her birthday suit when she wanted to sleep well (she’d never gotten on with pyjamas) and she still woke up every day with an ache in her bladder, whether she’d drunk much the night before or not. Some mornings that ache would be barely worth paying attention to. On other, rarer occasions, it would be the kind that had to be attended to right away. The morning after their big welcome party, she’d known right away which it was.

And of course she’d ended up in the attic room. This was nothing new to her: she’d spent her whole life living at the very top of a narrow three-storey house in the suburbs. When she’d arrived at this new place, her mother had suggested that living in one of the rooms in the attic might make her feel at home. What neither of them had considered was that back at home she was only a flight of stairs away from the nearest toilet. Here she was practically far enough away to listen to a whole Leonard Cohen song on the walk to the loo. At home she had a shot at returning to her bed before she had woken up too much to drift back to sleep- if it was just a wee she needed. Here there was no chance of that at all. Part of her longed for medieval times, when she could have simply slipped a chamberpot under her bed without being considered a sociopath.

The other consequence of living in the attic was that she had to get dressed every time she woke up wanting the loo in the night. Gone were the days of just pulling a big t-shirt on for her toilet trip, or even sneaking to the bathroom naked if she was in the mood for it. That wasn’t an option here. Getting caught was unlikely, and yet the risk was still there, and it was a risk she wasn’t willing to take. Sophie had already gotten used to walking around without a bra on, but Abbie knew it would be a while yet- if ever- before she felt comfortable letting her new housemates see her in any stage of undress.

She almost wondered if she was silly to feel that way- after all, nobody was making a secret out of her identity as a trans woman, and none of them had yet given her any reason to think that they had any problem with that salient fact. Her reasons were far more internal than that. She just didn’t feel ready yet. Getting comfortable with her own body had been hard enough- still was hard enough, in a lot of ways. Abbie didn’t feel like sharing it with her new friends yet. Not that she would dream of begrudging any of them their own freedom, though.

And so she would drag herself out of bed at some point each morning, and then would come the next shitty part of the morning pee routine: finding some clothes to yank on so she could go and take that much-needed leak. Usually it was whatever laundry-ready crap she had left on the floor the night before. This morning that wasn’t much of an option: unfolding and yanking on a pair of denim dungarees while badly needing a wee seemed to her to be counterproductive at best, dangerous at worst. So she went instead to her cupboard and fished out a baggy top and loose-fitting pair of bottoms. She didn’t much see the need for underwear- they covered everything from neck to ankles as extensively as any outfit she owned. Slipping on the bottoms, but careful not to tie the cord too snug in case it put pressure on her bladder, Abbie grabbed her phone from her nightstand, slipped it in one of her loose pockets and headed out of the room.

She was aware, although she’d never admit it, that she didn’t walk especially naturally when she needed to relieve herself quite a lot. Her paces were smaller but her steps more frequent, allowing her to keep the pressure up between her thighs, and her hips bounced slightly. Some people had called it jiggling, others dancing, others squirming. But Abbie had done it ever since she was little, and it was one of a few habits from her childhood she’d never grown out of. Her mother used to call it a wee-wee walk, and even at twenty years of age Abbie still found it impossible to think of it by any other name. All she cared about in moments like this was that it helped her hold it. If she happened to come into the eyeline of any of the others, she’d have to force herself to walk normally, but until then it was a valuable aid.

Despite her preoccupation with her bursting bladder, Abigail couldn’t help noticing that Sophie’s bedroom door was open. While that wasn’t unusual for Sophie, she hadn’t expected the girl up yet. She hoped to find her in the kitchen, or maybe hanging out with Molly in the lounge, rather than occupying the toilet that Abbie so dearly needed. As she pressed on down the stairs, the impact of her feet falling lower and lower with each step did nothing to help her situation. 

She thought back to the night before, remembering for the first time that morning how some of the girls had snuck off to relieve themselves in the willow dome in the park. Abbie had stayed behind, not out of pride or shyness, but simply because she hadn’t needed to go at the time. If she’d been walking down that path in the dark right then, she’d have been all too grateful to nip into the shelter of the dome, pull down her waistband and let it flow. She reached down and squeezed her crotch for a few seconds, hoping to take some of the pressure away. No such luck.

She passed Carmen’s room. The door was on the latch, whereas when they’d gone to bed the night before, the Spaniard had certainly shut it all the way, and even turned the lock. Amira’s door was closed, but it looked like Chloe and Molly had both already headed downstairs. All the doors in the house were the same: not heavy enough to close all the way without a push from a resident. Already, bad images were starting to form in Abigail’s head. What if there was a queue? She could probably hold it for a few minutes, but any longer than that? Abbie didn’t have accidents. She hadn’t since she was a toddler- at least, very rarely. Then again, she’d never lived with five other women before, especially after a night of heavy drinking. Chances are some of them will need more than just a quick leak, she thought, shuddering. By the time she started descending the second flight of stairs, she was really starting to worry what she might find at the bottom.

Her concerns weren’t soothed by the sounds of voices chattering away in what sounded like the kitchen. She couldn’t make out the words, but there were at least two people there- Molly and Chloe. Eventually, Abbie reached the ground floor, more eager now than ever to get to somewhere where she could relieve herself. Then came another voice- unmistakably Carmen’s, her Spanish accent impossible to misplace. Thoroughly dreading what she might see, Abbie rounded the corner and headed down the corridor towards the kitchen.

The first thing she spotted was the closed kitchen door. It was like checking her bank balance in the full knowledge that it was empty, holding out a last bit of hope that there might be something left in there and then being hit with that additional wave of disappointment when she saw that she did indeed possess just sixty-three pence. Not only was the door closed all the way, but there were three women gathered in the kitchen as if they were attending a secret meeting.

Her eyes were drawn right away to Chloe, who apparently hadn’t been able to find a top that morning. She stood by the kitchen table, boobs hanging out on full display, barefoot. Abbie was surprised and a little bemused when the first thing she noticed was that Chloe’s nipples, which were bigger than most she’d seen, were rock-hard. On a cold Manchester morning, that was hardly a surprise.

Beside her stood Carmen, who somehow still managed to look annoyingly gorgeous even when it was abundantly clear that she’d literally climbed out of bed five minutes ago. Wrapped tight in a red nightgown, her cleavage left little to the imagination. Her left leg was crossed firmly over her right where she stood, as if in some imitation of a princess learning manners; that pose had caused her gown to slip a little and expose the side of her left bumcheek, which was as smooth and rich as the rest of her skin.

Then there was Molly. She was by far the most dressed of the three women already in the kitchen, donning a purple t-shirt over what looked like some hastily pulled-on jeans. Abigail had never seen Molly like this, before she put on her punk-girl make-up. Without it, she looked almost younger. She was leaning against the counter, either unaware or uncaring that there was no missing the hard little lumps that poked out from her chest through her thin top.

For Abbie, these weren’t things worth feeling embarrassed about. She’d always had a fairly pragmatic approach to the human body- at least, to other people’s bodies. Boobs were boobs and butts were butts, and it didn’t often bother her. She remembered the first time she’d seen Sophie topless only a few days ago. Abbie had been heading down from her room and she’d passed Sophie on the landing, who was coming back from a shower with a towel wrapped only around her bottom half. The tall girl had looked at Abbie as if daring her to say something, but Abbie had thought nothing of it. So seeing these three girls here in various stages of undress wasn’t a problem. There was something else about the scene that made her uneasy.

“Hey,” she said, joining the trio in the kitchen, “is it Sophie or Amira in there?”

“It’s Sophie,” Carmen told her, “she’s throwing up a lot”.

“Ah”. Abbie couldn’t think of much else to say to that, so she said nothing. Fortunately, Chloe was on hand to move things along.

“You need the loo, Abbie?” she asked, not unkindly.

“Yeah,” Abbie admitted, not seeing the point in denying it, “I woke up really wanting a wee, so here I am”.

“Urgh, I hate waking up desperate,” Chloe said, “me and Carmen both need a number two, so it’s even worse”.

“What about you, Molly?” Abbie probed.

“Oh, I won’t need that for a while yet,” she said, “I just really gotta piss”. Whether to emphasise her point or totally subconsciously, she slowly folded one leg over the other where she stood.

“Well, I guess I’ll join the line, then,” Abbie said, “it’s like we’re a club”.

“Yeah, the Sunday Morning Toilet Club,” Molly said with a laugh, “I can imagine we’ll be having a lot of meetings”.

*070*2021-01-02 02:58

Chapter Six

The Club

"There are places I'll remember,

All my life, though some have changed"

- The Beatles

In the dream, Amira was on the toilet.

Except it wasn’t the toilet in her new house. Instead, she was sitting in the bathroom at the home she grew up in in Birmingham, a spacious room covered in immaculately polished tiles and modern artwork that she’d never been able to make sense of. She knew this room like the back of her hand, knew it better than any other room she’d set foot in that didn’t contain a bed. Here she’d spent hours that probably accumulated into weeks of her life. Here she had sat down to empty her bladder more times than she would ever be able to count, a number that she had estimated not too long before to be at around fifteen thousand. Here she had waited patiently for her bowels to produce something before bedtime, or painfully strained until whatever was blocking her up finally came out, or collapsed in a moment of barely-made-it bliss before diarrhoea exploded out of her like lava.

This was the room where she had urinated, not only in the toilet but in the shower and- more times than she’d care to admit- in the bathtub, too. Here she’d tackled the overwhelming majority of the periods she’d gotten since she was a teenager, spent hours shaving and plucking every stray hair on her body, brushed her teeth twice a day almost every day. Besides her bedroom, there was no other place she preferred to sneak off to when she wanted to masturbate. And, on those rare occasions when she hadn’t quite reached the loo in time, it was more often than not this room to which she would retreat, waddling, to do her best to clean off, preferably before her mother saw.

In the dream, she was on the toilet. She was naked, her nipples protruding erect from her breasts. This was unusual, for her. She’d dreamt about a lot of things, but nudity and sex had never been among them. Amira had sat through many a conversation, at a party or a sleepover, where her peers would giggle about their dirtiest dreams. And she’d never had any stories to tell. So, in the dream, her nudity was more than a little disconcerting. She saw the way her belly stuck out and wanted to look away, but couldn’t.

Then, though, she saw past it all- past her bare boobs, past the stomach she’d always wanted to shrink, past the patch of pitch-black pubic hair that coated her mound. She looked past it all and into the toilet bowl. She was peeing. More than that: she was gushing, a forceful waterfall of piss that kept pouring from between her legs and into the yellow water below. But it didn’t feel like she was peeing. If she hadn’t looked down, she would surely not have noticed. It looked like she was-

All at once Amira was aware of two things: she was awake. And she needed a wee. Badly.

The dream was half gone from her memory by the time she opened her eyes and had all vanished when her feet hit the bedroom floor. She moved mechanically, driven in her sleepiness by pure habit more than anything else. This was an instinct that life had given her: when she woke up needing the toilet, she never wasted any time in rising, because it was crucial to get to there before either of her two sisters did. Once Zaina or Malika locked themselves in the house’s single bathroom, it could be half an hour before that door clicked open and Amira could rush in, usually with her trousers already unbuttoned in anticipation. It was a good idea to take care of any urgent business before her sisters were up.

She yanked on a pair of pyjama bottoms and a top and just had time to glance at the clock- 10:41- before she nipped out of her bedroom and down the stairs. Even over the sound of her footsteps on the creaking wood, she could hear voices coming from the kitchen long before she reached the bottom. Her bladder did not care for the stresses walking placed on it one bit, and especially not as she descended to the ground floor. But she managed it, and from there it took Amira a matter of seconds to arrive into a kitchen that was- to her dismay- already full.

“Bonjour,” Abigail said sleepily, barely looking up as the last of her housemates arrived.

Amira glanced at the bathroom door- closed all the way. Even in her groggy state, she didn’t need long to work out that Sophie was in there. Everyone else was standing in the kitchen, ranging from fully clothed to barely dressed. “Who’s in the queue for the loo?” she asked, hoping to hear that it wasn’t long to wait.

“Everyone,” Molly said bitterly. She was wearing a tee that was to modesty what a sieve was to rainwater collection. Even standing next to a completely topless Chloe, Amira thought it was a tight-run call as to whose nipples were more on display.

“Okay, not the news I was hoping for,” she admitted, “you know those mornings when you wake up feeling like you almost wet the bed?” She paused long enough for everyone to nod, then continued: “that was me two minutes ago. My bladder feels like someone ran a bath in it”.

“It’s not like Sophie to lock the door,” Carmen said, concern evident in her voice.

“It’s not like Sophie to close the door,” Amira agreed, “is she throwing up in there?”

Chloe nodded. “She said she’ll be out as soon as she can. I didn’t want to rush her, but I’m absolutely dying for a poo”.

“Are you first in line?”

Chloe nodded. “Yeah, I got down here maybe fifteen minutes ago. I only woke up ‘cause my mum rang me, but right away I knew it was bad”.

“Then it’s me,” Carmen said, blushing, “please ignore the smell”.

Instinctively- how could she not?- Amira sniffed the air once, and got a whiff of it right away: farts were fresh in the room, the kind she’d long since associated with those desperate hangover dumps. She couldn’t help wincing at the odour, but laughed anyway.

“Wow, that’s bad,” she said, “you must be really desperate”.

“To be fair, some of that was me,” Chloe confessed. That earned her a warm smile from Carmen, if nothing else. The Spanish girl’s gown looked as though it had come somewhat unravelled- perhaps from the way she was squirming where she stood- and her cleavage left little to the imagination.

“So who’s next?”

“I am”. This was Molly, leaning against the worktop by the sink, one leg bent unnaturally like a ballet dancer taking a break mid-routine, “I feel like I’m gonna piss myself”.

“Same,” Abbie groaned. She was the only one sitting down, but now that Amira got closer she saw that those slim legs were crossed in her chair. One hand gripped the side of the seat tightly.

“Okay, I’m sure we can work this out!” Amira said. Working things out was her go-to. She’d never been good at panic and disorder. Talking was the only way she knew how to solve problems. Quickly, she went to the bathroom door and knocked as gently as she could.

“Soph, you okay?” she called.

There was a pause. Leaning in with her ear, she heard what sounded like someone spitting into the toilet bowl. Then came the muffled reply.

“Yeah, I’m okay,” Sophie mumbled, her voice sounding meek.

“Okay, great,” Amira said, “any chance you could let us in? Everyone really needs the loo”.

“Shit, sorry! I’ll try and hurry-“ she was cut off, though, by more retching. Amira winced again and turned back to the others, waiting and watching expectantly.

“She’ll be out in a minute,” Amira said quietly. Her eyes were drawn to Chloe, who was clearly not okay. None of them looked comfortable, but the blonde girl was taking things worse than anyone. She was bouncing frantically on the spot, tiny, frenetic up-and-down movements. One hand was reaching behind her absently. Amira couldn’t see it, but she imagined it was squeezing Chloe’s cheeks, trying whatever it took to hold it. She must’ve been busting if there had been no time to even find a bra. Her expression looked more than just worried: she was scared. And that scared Amira. But she couldn’t let that show. She needed to change the subject, try anything to take their minds off it… and nothing came to mind.

“God, I haven’t had to piss so bad in ages,” Molly cursed. Her punk-chic persona had gone completely out the window in her desperation. It was a strange and fascinating thing, to Amira, how such different people could become so similar when all they could think about was not going to the toilet on themselves. Then again, there was never much chance of keeping up false pretences from the ladies you lived with. She was learning that already- all of them were.

“I haven’t had to piss so bad since last night,” Carmen said. The word piss sounded strange in her accent, or perhaps it just felt strange to Amira because she hadn’t heard the vulgar term from her friend before, “in the park, I almost wet my pants”.

“Nah, this is worse than that, for me,” Molly countered, “I seriously don’t know how much longer I can hold it, guys”.

“It’s not long now,” Amira encouraged her, “Sophie will be out soon. Chloe’s first, right?”

They all looked to Chloe, but the girl had gone silent and still. She just shook her head. It looked as though she had almost forgotten the others were there.

“It’s too late,” Chloe said quietly. She closed her eyes tightly, as if she was hoping she could wish herself somewhere else. Her face was a grimace of effort.

“What do you mean?” Amira asked. She took a step closer to her friend, but some instinct stopped her from approaching.

Chloe gasped, a heaving sob of air. “Not gonna make it”.

“You can! You almost have!” Amira was barely focusing on the fact that her thighs were locked together, kept apart only by the thin fabric of her pyjama bottoms, or the way her knees were wiggling automatically. In that second she was so worried for the girl across the room that she forgot she was on the verge of flooding her bottoms.

“No, I can’t,” Chloe moaned, “I’m sorry. It’s…”

She didn’t need to finish the sentence, didn’t need to say the words coming out, because everyone in the room heard it. Without meaning to, they each chose that moment to go completely silent. And so the only sound that filled the room was of Chloe, standing there with nothing covering her top half, filling her pants. It was a soft, wet fart that seemed to go on forever coupled with the sludgy squishing of her tracksuit bottoms being pushed away.

“Fuck! Shit, it's happening,” she groaned. Instinctively, her arms came up and crossed over her breasts, covering her nipples, as if she was shielding herself. Her cheeks flushed the deepest red Amira had ever seen. And- and Amira was sure this had to be unconscious- she bent over slightly, like her body wanted her to push it all out and get it over with. “I’m so sorry. I’m trying to stop it. Please don’t look at me, I’m sorry,” Chloe babbled. But nobody could look away. They all knew it could easily be them in the same boat. The smell was there now, too, heavy and fresh. Amira had known Chloe was in serious need of getting to bathroom. She had had no idea, though, that the woman was so close to an accident.

A tear rolled down Chloe’s left cheek, and that was enough for Amira. She went to her and wrapped her arms around the blonde girl’s shoulders. She had never been able to stand and watch her friends get upset.

“It’s okay, Chlo,” she said, hugging her tightly, “it’s fine. Don’t worry about it. Accidents happen to everyone. Just try your best and you can go and finish up when Sophie comes out”.

Chloe shook her head and sniffled, wiping the tears from one eye.

“No, that’s silly. It’s Carmen’s turn, she needs it more than me”.

“Are you sure?” Carmen asked, eyes betraying her eagerness. She was holding her bum with both hands, Amira noticed.

“Yeah, go. No use in both of us pooing ourselves,” Chloe said. She was trying to make light of it already, Amira thought. That was a good sign, and impressive. Most people wouldn’t be ready to joke about something like this for weeks. From this angle she could get a look over Chloe's shoulder and what she saw shocked her: a huge bulge protruded in the back of her sweatpants, stretching the fabric. It had been more than an urgent dump- it had been an enormous one. Amira would never have guessed that Chloe could even do a poo that big.

The bathroom door clicked open at long last and, agonisingly slowly, it creaked open to let Sophie out. She froze for a second as she worked out what had happened, then rushed over to Chloe. The guilt was evident on her face.

“Oh, shit, I’m so sorry,” she mumbled into Chloe’s ear, “I had no idea it was that desperate”.

Chloe reassured her that it was okay as Carmen dashed gratefully towards the toilet. Just before the girl went inside, though, Molly’s voice stopped her.

“Carmen,” she said solemnly. The Spanish woman looked up, hand wedged between her buttcheeks, face red. “Please hurry”.

Carmen nodded and disappeared into the bathroom, not bothering to close the door behind her.

*075*2021-02-18 01:33

{{On 2/10/2021 at 11:49 PM, penfold08 said:

Great story will there be more or are you done with this hope to read more

}}

Now that I've moved back to my student house I'm hoping to get back to writing this regularly in the near future! Ideas (and time to write) are much easier to come by up here.

