April's Gaming Hold

Author: Noot

*000*2021-11-14 01:46

I guess you could call this a prequel to my story For Science, in which the female lead alludes to having some accidents while being engrossed in the game Minecraft. I was in the mood to write a full story about that, and here it is!

The character in this story is past her eighteenth birthday, as are all my characters in all my stories.

###

"Huh!"

"Grrrrr"

"Hssssssss"

"Shit!" she hissed out loud, "Shitshitshitshitshitshitshit!"

April spammed her W key, suddenly spurred on by blind panic. Her character sprinted forward, falling just a few blocks as the Creeper exploded loudly behind her. She rushed away, through the darkness of the cave until she was sure she wasn't being followed; it would be suicide to stand still on half a heart while a Skeleton lurked nearby.

Frantically, April built up a wall around her, blocking out the approaching enemies. She couldn't believe it had come to this so quickly. Seconds ago everything had been fine, but before she knew it she had been plunged into a world of chaos. Typical me, she thought as she forced her character to gobble down a few steaks, complacent until it's almost too late.

When her hunger bar was finally repleted, April let her right hand slip off of her mouse and snake down to her crotch, which had been neglected for too long. From years of experience, she was well used to fanning her thighs together furiously while she gamed, knees knocking with every inward swing. But eventually she would always reach the point where that wasn't enough. She was there now; squirming was on the brink of failing her, and the only way she could preserve the continued dryness of her underwear was with the pressure of her own fingers. It was an equation to April. It was little more than scientific fact- her bladder had reached capacity, and now she needed to add the forces of her hand to balance out her growing need to urinate.

Holding herself there felt childish, she had to admit. It was inappropriate for the adult woman that she had become, and yet she still caught herself doing it from time to time. As much as squeezing her crotch to hold her urine was something April had assumed she'd grow out of, her eighteenth birthday had come and gone weeks ago, but she still had to count on her right hand to help hold it sometimes. Gently massaging her private area felt good, if she was honest, and it really took the edge off of her desperate need to use the loo.

But then April's health bar was full again, and she dragged her hand back to the mouse. She had to pee- and badly. That was beyond denial now. April, though, refused to just log out anywhere. Whether she called it OCD or just perfectionism, it made no matter: there was only one place she ever felt satisfied to exit the game, and that was right beside the bed she'd built in her wooden house almost fifty blocks above. April had never logged off anywhere other than that bedroom and she didn't intend to start now. She needed to hold it throughout the journey back to the surface... and that would involve keeping her hand off her genitals.

Determined, she broke two of the blocks penning her in. The co-ordinates by the side of her screen told her that she had some way to climb before she could resurface, and food was almost running dry. April took a deep breath. She was asking a lot of herself. But it had to be done, and she was never the type to procrastinate, so she took her first steps back into the pitch-black cave.

"Fuck, I need a wee," she muttered under her breath as she guided her character back into the cavernous space. There were mobs in there- she could see them already. But she couldn't afford to be careful. Her bladder was close to bursting point, demanding that she got up and made a beeline for the toilet that very second. Only her mind forced her to stay seated. Her mind understood that she couldn't log off until she was safely back where she'd started.

April dashed past the mobs she'd escaped earlier, unable to stop for even a couple of seconds. "I need a fucking wee," she murmured, grateful that nobody else in the house was awake to hear her. April was not usually a swearer. She'd been raised never to use bad words, and so she didn't... with a few exceptions. Sometimes she couldn't help herself. When she was taken by surprise, when she was really scared or angry... and when she desperately needed the loo.

This was one of the latter times. April could feel herself on the verge of leaking, but she knew that taking her hand off her mouse would mean likely death in the game. So she pushed on, squeezing her thighs together tight. The nearest toilet was barely ten metres away. The walk was only five seconds. But April would not go until she was done on the computer. She was a big girl, after all, and she was determined to hold it.

*004*2021-11-14 23:37

{{17 minutes ago, Ranpalan said:

I love it, looking forward to more! You've also inspired me to write something of my own...

}}

Please post it when it's done!

$

