Kitchen fun part 1

Author: nursegirl

*000*2025-01-28 02:31

He came home unexpectedly early one day. He put his backpack down in the entryway and started to call for her, when he heard heavy metal music blasting from the Bluetooth speaker in the kitchen.

Upon entering the kitchen, he saw his gorgeous girlfriend at the sink, chopping vegetables to prepare a meal. She was wearing cute, tight blue jeans which accentuated her perfect round butt and tight toned legs; and one of his plain white t-shirts with no bra.

He leaned on the doorway, crossing his heavily muscled and tattooed arms over his muscled chest. He adored watching her doing anything, especially when she didn't know he was watching.

As she started to reach for the refrigerator door to retrieve something, he saw her suddenly stop and heard a sharp intake of breath. She froze in her spot and crossed her legs. He knew what was happening, she frequently held her bladder as long as possible, especially when working on a task. She said she enjoyed the feeling of holding her piss and the sheer torture of holding until almost bursting. They had "played" some of these "games" together before , but he knew she often "practiced" when alone. And by "often" he assumed "always".

She was now crossing her legs, clenching her knees together. He knew all her tells, and could tell she was nowhere near desperate yet. Just then, she seemed to relax a bit, opened the refrigerator door grabbed the carrots. She resumed peeling and chopping. All the while, dancing and clenching her legs and singing along to the loud music and playing drum solos on the counter top.

He could tell she didn't know he was there. it made his cock hard watching her, secretly. He was casually rubbing the front of his jeans where the bulge was growing.

After a few more minutes, she was grabbing her crotch and clenching her legs together again. He knew the running water made the urgent feeling more pronounced. He was smiling while adoring her cute desperation dance.

Suddenly she tossed the knife down in the sink “Fuck!” she cursed and grabbed her crotch with both hands while dancing from foot to foot. She whirled and crashed right into his hard chest. He grabbed her arms to keep her from falling.

“Fuck, James. Fuck!” She grabbed her crotch with both hands.

He crossed his arms over his chest making himself as large as possible. “What?” he asked, feigning innocence. But his cock jumped to harder attention.

“Get the FUCK outta my way, James!” she barked. As she tried to step around him, he took a half step sideways, blocking her with his huge form in the doorway.

“Ughhh” she groaned.

He grinned his mischievous grin “where do you think you’re going?”

“I gotta piss, duh! Now, move!” she bit out through clenched teeth. And tried to pass by again.

He was rubbing his bulging jeans with one hand and gently holding her arm with the other hand. He spun her around and noticed a slight wet patch on the seat of her jeans.

“Why, you’ve already wet your pants!” he tried to sound shocked, like it was the first time ever.

“Just how long have you been standing there watching me, perv?” she demanded.

“Oh long enough to see how cute you are when you need to piss, your cute little dance” he grinned, rubbing the front of his jeans. “It’s a real turn-on. You know how sexy you are when you are urgently desperate to piss?! I thought you were training for holding games.”

She looked askance at him. “That’s not what I was planning just now. But, FUCK, I really need to go! I’m about to burst and just let it all out right here on my nice clean floor”. She was holding her crotch and bending over, “And that’s not cool!”

He couldn’t stop grinning, she was just so damn cute and sexy. “What are you grinning about anyway?” she snarled.

“What are we going to do about it?!” he said, his cock was at full hardness, straining against his jeans. He was rubbing the bulge. She eyed his bulge with something like hunger.

She was holding her crotch with both hands and squeezing tightly with her sexy jeans-clad thighs. He knew she didn’t have any panties on, as usual.

He reached around her, grabbed the chair from the dining area and sat down on it. He patted his lap. “Sit” he growled.

“What!? “ she yelped out. They hadn’t tried wetting on each other yet. She looked mildly shocked, even though they had read erotic stories and watched porn videos with couples dong just that.

“Fuck!” she shrugged. She climbed on his lap, straddling his thighs, facing him. She could feel his hard cock straining in his jeans, as if it could smell her closeness.

In this position it was impossible to hold her bladder any longer. Looking him right in his gorgeous eyes, she let loose a stream of hot piss on his lap, with a sigh of relief. He put his hand on her crotch to feel the hot piss streaming out. He was groaning in pleasure at the sight and feeling of his sexy girlfriend pissing in his lap. Her jeans and his jeans were thoroughly soaked and the piss streamed onto the floor.

She threw her head back moaning in pleasure at the release and the feeling of his hand stroking her wet pissy jeans. This made her nipples push out from the t-shirt. It seemed like she would never stop pissing.

But the stream eventually stopped. She sat still for a minute collecting herself. “Oh look at the mess I made on your jeans.” she was smiling mischievously now. Looking him in the eyes, she reached down to release his hard cock from the zipper of his soaking wet jeans.

“What are we going to do about it?” she said in a gentle mocking tone, as he was now the uncomfortable one. “The floor is a mess and supper is delayed. And just look at your jeans, all wet and messy.” She was slowly, lazily stroking his cock, she tilted her head, questioning. He was holding her hips. She scooted up higher on his lap, to grind and hump on him while stroking his cock.

This is my first try at fiction here. please I welcome your honest critiques and ideas for the next part.

