My Girlfriend's Sister

Author: Noot

*000*2021-10-31 05:14

This one will have sexual content! Sex is part of a lot of my stories but this isn’t by any means gonna be a porno. Feel free to skip those parts of it’s really not for you.

I’ve seen a couple long-term readers of my work who aren’t into poop, and most of my stories contain poop… oops. Sorry everyone. So this one is a pure pee story! Hope you enjoy.

###

“I’m coming!”

Charlotte buries her face in my neck as her whole body convulses with the pleasure of orgasm. I feel hot, sour morning breath on my cheek and chestnut hair tickling my chin. As her muscles tense up, the sensation proves too much for me and I explode inside her, holding her close, feeling her slowly calm down and be still again. It takes a long time for both of us to finish finishing.

For a moment we just lie there, calm, content. I love the feeling of her uneven breasts squishing against my chest, hard nipples digging into my flesh. I love to stroke her hair as she’s lying on me. By now I can really feel the urgency of my morning piss in my bladder, but the scene is too perfect to give up on so soon. I had known I needed to pee from the moment I woke up, but when Charlotte had rose to straddle me, all that was put on the back burner. I lean forward and give her the softest of kisses on the top of the head

In the end it’s Charlotte who breaks off the post-sex embrace. My cock falls limp and sticky between my legs now that it’s not in her anymore. She makes to get out of bed.

“Come back,” I mumble, not wanting to lose the intimate moment before I have to.

“I’m only going for a wee,” Charlotte tuts, “I’ll be back for round 2 later”.

“Come on, Lottie,” I chide- Lottie is what I call her when I want her to do something for me- “just a a few more minutes. I bet you could hold it”.

“You know I could,” she retorts, “but it’s not about that, anyway. If I don’t wee I could get a UTI or something”.

That’s fair enough, I suppose. “Fine,” I concede, giving up the hug, “but can I come too? I’m busting”. I’m not exaggerating, either. I really do need to go to the loo soon.

Charlotte smiles knowingly, but doesn’t give me the answer I want. “You wait here,” she orders, “you can go for a piss when I get back”.

She starts to walk away, and I can’t help staring at her tight little booty as she goes. “Why? It’s been two years and I’ve still never seen you on the loo”.

“And you never will,” she tells me with a smirk. “Those things are better kept private, you know how I feel about this”.

I know better than to argue with Charlotte, so I watch her leave and focus on holding in my pee until she comes out. I love her, of course I do, but I don’t like the intense privacy she still wears like armour when she’s around me. I guess I shouldn’t be surprised- her whole family are majorly uptight, rich types who would never admit they don’t piss rosewater and shit gold (at least the ones I’d met, anyway). Not for the first time, I wish Charlotte would just trust me to be in the room without looking.

Now that my erection has subsided, I find myself wondering what might happen if Lily is already in the bathroom. Lily is Charlotte’s little sister, a freshmen who had moved to the city and needed someplace to stay while she looked for an affordable flat. I only met Lily briefly last night, so I don’t know much about her other than what Charlotte’s told me- that her sister likes to eat junk food and get drunk all the time, that she wants to explore the town… and that she likes to spend an age in the shower.

But it doesn’t sound like Lily is in there today, because I hear Charlotte walk straight into the bathroom and close the door behind her. There was no lock- her parents, apparently satisfied that everyone else in the family would know what a closed door means, had never bothered to replace it. This left me with a predicament of my own- a fast-growing desperation to piss and nowhere to aim it until my girlfriend is out of the toilet. She could be a minute… but if she wants to do anything more than a quick leak, as I suspect, I’m going to struggle to hold it. In past relationships I’d have simply pissed in the sink, but Charlotte forbids that kind of thing so passionately that I never bother arguing.

I’m forced to squeeze the tip of my dick closed while I wait uncomfortably for Charlotte to return. When I hear her flush the toilet, I get ready to make a run for the bathroom. As a last thought, I hastily pull on the same t-shirt and oversized boxers I’d left on the ground from the night before.

When Charlotte gets back I can barely stand still. There’s no time for apologies as I rush past her toward the bathroom, feeling my bladder control start to slip at last. I close the door behind me, just about extract my member from the boxers in time and point it towards the bowl just as piss starts to erupt from the tip. I moan loudly in relief, unable to hold back the noise of pleasure.

When I’m finished, I return to the mirror over the sink at the other end of the bathroom to check my face and hair. Just as I’m brushing up a little, the door opens again, startling me. It’s Lily, wearing nothing but a cute pair of pink and baby-blue pyjamas. She glances at me on the way in, marching straight for the toilet.

*002*2021-11-01 11:51

{{Just now, MoistMark said:

Nice, and well told. Begging for a sequel, isn't it?

}}

Definitely, this is only part one of what will probably be ten or twelve chapters!

*004*2021-11-13 22:31

I freeze like a statue, my brain struggling to comprehend what I’m seeing. I knew there was no lock, of course, but I didn’t think that I’d have any problems; everyone in the family has lived without a lock on the bathroom door for years, so Charlotte’s promised me that as long as I close it all the way I won’t be disturbed while I’m in here. Except that’s obviously not true, because Lily has just sauntered in as if there’s nothing out of the ordinary about the situation at all.

Too stunned to move, I’m watching Lily’s movement behind me via the mirror. She looks a little different to last night. Shoulder-length brown hair frames a pale, freckled face, with big blue eyes just like Charlotte’s. But the make-up she’d been wearing when I met her is gone, and so she looks closer to her actual age, which is nineteen. She still looks half-asleep as she crosses the room, but I daren’t turn to face her, instead looking stoically into the mirror. Even though she’s walked in voluntarily on me, I feel like a voyeur even being present for what she’s doing.

My breath catches in my throat as Lily pulls down her pyjama bottoms, spins around and plants her bum on the toilet seat… and though I don’t mean to, I catch a glimpse of those pale, smooth cheeks before she turns. A second later, the sound of pee tinkling into the bowl below fills the room. It’s a sound I’ve heard a million times before, though never from a woman. And there’s another noise, too- the sound of Lily sighing in relief.

That does it for me- I know I’ve seen enough. But as I go to leave, I remember that my left hand is still clutching the toothbrush I’d been about to use, a glob of paste on the end.

“Are you gonna brush your teeth on the landing?” Lily asks dryly, tilting her head with a faint air of curiosity.

I don’t know what to say. “Er- no,” I splutter, cheeks reddening, “I mean… yes. I thought I’d give you some privacy”.

“Why?” She asks, in a voice that clearly indicates that she doesn’t see what the big deal is, “stay. You were here first. I won’t be long”.

Now I’m really confused. My girlfriend, who I’ve been with for two years, who I’ve shared a bed and a toothbrush with, has never let me be so much as near the room while she uses the toilet. Now her sister- a woman I met twelve hours ago- is going right behind me, and she doesn’t seem to mind the audience at all? My brain doesn’t know how to process this information. But, for some bizarre reason, I realise I can’t just leave. That would be rude, especially after she explicitly told me she doesn’t want me to go. So I return to the sink and start to brush my teeth, wondering what on earth Charlotte would say if she walked in on this.

To make matters worse, I can’t help but feel a little underdressed. I’m wearing nothing but a t-shirt and a tattered pair of boxers that have long since been my substitute for pyjamas, meaning Lily is getting a good view of my barely-clothed arse right now. A scolding voice in my head slaps that thought away- it’s beyond narcissistic of me to even consider that she might be looking. And all the while I can hear her pissing a waterfall into the loo.

When that sound dies out, I see Lily reach for the toilet paper beside her, tearing off a few squares. That’s my cue to get out of there for real. I don’t want to still be around when-

It’s too late. Lily opens her legs to wipe and I force myself to look away. I don’t want to see any of it. Suddenly all my insecurities about looking prudish or rude are gone- I just need to look anywhere where I can’t see my girlfriend’s sister wiping her crotch just a few metres behind me. So I finish brushing my teeth, spit the paste as politely as possible into the sink and wash the brush off.

“I really don’t mind waiting outside next time,” I say, blushing even further.

Lily drops the wet paper into the bowl and flushes with one hand. I have to avert my eyes again as she stands and pulls up her pyjama shorts. Her sex is only in view for a fraction of a second, but in that time I learn that it is hairless and slightly pink, which is a million times more detail than I would ever have wanted to know.

“Don’t be silly,” she tuts… but I know she can see that she’s embarrassed me, because she stops on the way out. “Sorry about that,” she says, “usually I’d wait, but I was absolutely busting. I’m sure it’s nothing you haven’t seen before”.

Before I can answer, she’s gone again, leaving nothing behind but the faint smell of wee and my stunned, blushing face in the mirror.

*006*2021-11-20 02:19

By the time we get in that night, I’m so desperate for a piss that I almost need to hold myself to stay dry. The only thing stopping me is fear of what Charlotte might say if she sees me squirming like a little boy. She can be harsh when she’s been drinking.

We’ve been out since seven, on a grand tour of the local pubs and bars, running into old friends left, right and centre. Of course, both of us have knocked back a fair few glasses, but that’s not even the main reason why I’m dying for the toilet now. I haven’t been for hours, purely because I hate leaving Charlotte alone at bars when it gets late. I’d rather wet myself than risk something happening to her- and now, a couple of hours into the new day, I’m finally about to empty the bladder that’s given me agony since midnight.

“Come on,” she slurs as she closes the front door behind her, “bed”. We both know that bed means sex, and I’m not opposed to that idea at all, but for both of our sakes I know I need to make a detour to the bathroom first.

“I’ll see you in there,” I tell her. She doesn’t need to ask to know that I have to pee. After all this time together, Charlotte is well aware that I get desperate for the toilet when I drink a lot of booze. So we split up there- she heads to the bedroom to get ready for some action, and I hobble through the dark corridor toward the only place in the house where I’m permitted to empty my bladder.

In the blackness, the one room where the light is always kept on is the loo; Charlotte quickly got tired of having to struggle to find her way in the dark whenever she needed to relieve herself in the night. The crack of light seeping through where the door is partially open illuminates my path like a star. I waddle towards it, unbearably desperate now that I know I’m so close. Away from my girlfriend’s eyes, I can finally reach down and squeeze my cock hard, which barely does enough to stop me from making a puddle on the floor.

I push through the bathroom door… and almost have a heart attack.

Lily is perched on the toilet seat, wearing nothing but a too-small pyjama top and a pair of cotton shorts bunched up around her ankles. Her hair is dishevelled, her eyes half-open. In one hand she holds her phone, with what looks like Twitter open. She looks utterly unsurprised to see me burst in on her at 2AM. She barely even glances up when I enter, but I, on the other hand, freeze completely with panic. Her walking in on me was one thing, and one thing I never plan to tell Charlotte about, but this… this one is on me. This could be big trouble. And as I stand there, drunkenly trying to remind myself how to turn and flee, I realise that I’m still gripping my dick through my jeans with one hand.

“Good night?” she asks sleepily.

I don’t know what to do. I can hardly leave, now she’s asked a question. Sober me would have panicked and changed the subject before making some excuse to get out of there, but right now I’m not thinking half as clearly. So I stammer a response.

“Yeah, thanks…” I stutter, “sorry, I’ll wait outside”.

“You can stay,” she tells me, and I remember that morning again in a flash, “just close the door, or Charlotte will hear”.

Though I’ll never be able to explain why, I close the door- with me still on her side of it. It clicks shut. Now my initial shock is fading, I’m quickly being reminded how badly I have to urinate.

“You look desperate,” Lily observes dryly. She’s not wrong, but my cheeks blush at being called out like that.

“It’s not too bad,” I lie, trying to save face. It is bad. It’s so bad I seriously think I’m going to piss myself right here. I don’t want to imagine what my girlfriend’s sister might say if my jeans turn from denim to navy, pee pooling on the floor by my feet. But I can feel it, nonetheless, the first jet of hot urine right at the tip of my dick. It’s waiting to squirt out of me. And just before it does…

“Sink’s right behind you, mate,” she says quietly.

“What?”

“The sink. Just wee in there,” she urges, brushing her hair out of her face with one hand.

It’s so sorely tempting… but I know it’s wrong. “I can’t do that. Charlotte would kill me”.

“I won’t tell,” she promises, “besides, there’s nothing wrong with it. It’s totally fine”.

“I can’t… go… in front of you,” I protest, but the truth is my resistance is fading. I’m running out of options. The last time I was this busting to pee, I didn’t make it. Even drunk, I can’t risk a repeat of that right now.

“Fine, have it your way,” she says, “but you should know I’m going to be a while, if you know what I mean”.

I know exactly what she means, and I know I can’t wait that long. Desperation has made up my mind for me. Face burning with shame, I turn away from her and face the mirror. From this angle I can see her unfazed reflection just as plainly as I had that morning, though the alcohol makes it blurry this time.

“Okay,” I concede, “I’m sorry”.

“Sorry for what?” she asks earnestly as I unzip my fly and wrestle my aching member from my boxers, “don’t sweat it, dude. I’ve been in your shoes before”.

Even as every instinct I possess screams at me not to take a leak in the sink with my girlfriend’s sister a few feet behind me, my desperate bladder gives in and hot piss starts to dribble from the tip of my penis. I can’t bring myself to make eye contact with Lily’s reflection, let alone Lily herself, though I know she has no qualms with it.

“But I really shouldn’t be doing this in front of… you, you know?” The words almost become a sigh of relief as my trickle picks up into a gushing flow. I fight to remain calm.

“I don’t care,” Lily says with a shrug. “When you’ve gotta go, you know?”

I don’t know what to say to that, so I look down instead, watching the colourless stream slide down the drain. “Thanks,” I mutter.

“Don’t mention it,” she says, checking something on her phone.

After what feels like a very long time, I finally feel empty. More self-conscious than I know I should be (there’s no way she can see my dick from where she’s sitting, even in the mirror), I shake the drops off the end and tuck it away. Then I wash my hands as fast as I can and head to the door… but before I can leave she opens her mouth.

“Wipe down the sink quick,” Lily advises me. She stifles a yawn with the back of her left hand. “If you don’t rinse it, it’ll smell like wee in the morning”.

I do as she says, eager to do anything to prevent Charlotte finding out about this exchange. Though I’ve gone out of my way to make sure I see as little of Lily’s thighs, butt and crotch as possible, I’m certain my girlfriend would not be happy if she learned what had gone on here tonight- even if I haven’t technically done anything wrong, have I? Nature called and I answered, with no little encouragement from Lily.

“How do you know that?” I ask, “about the sink”.

She smiles coyly at me. I don’t see because I still can’t bring myself to look directly at her. But I can hear it in her voice. “Is a girl not allowed to know things now?” she asks, and at that I consider the matter closed.

