Ellie at University

Author: nononono

*007*2021-08-31 15:12

They had been dating for three months now, and it had truly been the best three months of Ellie's life. Regular sex, opportunities to explore her new found fetish, and for the first time in her life, she felt like a normal person. Her flatmates all knew about their relationship, as well as all her close friends from home. In fact, the only people who didn't know were her parents. Much to Arabella's annoyance.

"Are you ashamed of me?" she asked, as Ellie applied some make up.

"Of course not, why would you even say that?" Ellie snapped. Arabella looked hurt. "Look, I will tell them, but I need to work out how. They're just a bit... traditional with their views."

"So what am I today? Just your friend?" Arabella asked. It was the last day of term, so Ellie's parents were coming to drive her back home. They asked if she wanted to bring a friend for lunch, and Ellie saw this as a good way to gently introduce Arabella to her family.

"Yes, but I will tell them, I promise. Just not today," Ellie was getting fed up of having this conversation.

"Okay... hey since we won't see each other for a few weeks, I was wondering if we could have one last bit of fun?" Arabella cheekily asked.

"What are you thinking?" asked Ellie.

"I got you a little present," Arabella handed her a small package, wrapped in red Christmassy wrapping paper.

"Aw you shouldn't have, I thought we weren't doing presents," Ellie smiled.

"Just a small something, trust me, this is more of a present for me than you," Arabella replied.

Ellie shot her a suspicious look, then tore the wrapping paper open. It was a leather chastity belt, complete with a padlock. Ellie saw Arabella grinning, holding the key.

"I want you to wear these today," Arabella said, as though she was instructing rather than asking.

"Are you crazy?? I'm not going to wear a fucking chastity belt at lunch with my parents," Ellie exclaimed.

"Pleeeeeeease, it would make my Christmas!" Arabella begged, with the puppy eyes she liked to do so often.

"I don't know..." Ellie deliberated.

"I promise I'll make it up to you, whatever you want, whenever you want," Arabella pleaded.

"Ughhh fine, I suppose I do owe you one anyway," Ellie reluctantly agreed, taking the belt from her. "Can I wee first?"

Arabella shook her head, "Where's the fun in that babe?"

###

Ellie grimaced as the waiter poured her some water. She hadn't been since her morning pee five hours ago, and was starting to really need the loo. They were at Pizza Express in Holborn, and it was going fairly well so far. Her mum seemed delighted that Ellie had made a friend, while her dad had not said anything outrageously homophobic yet.

"So Arabella, have you got a boyfriend?" her mum asked. Ellie nearly spat out her water, which she kept absent mindedly sipping, much to her bladder's protestations.

"Well I'm sort of seeing someone, but I don't know, they just don't seem ready to commit yet," Arabella snidely replied. That's not fair, thought Ellie, hurt by her comments.

"That's ridiculous," Ellie's dad had clearly taken a shrine to Arabella. "Any man would be lucky to have you!"

Arabella brushed off the slightly creepy and over familiar comment. "It's not a man actually."

"Good for you, darling," Ellie's mum replied, not realising how patronising her tone was.

"Yes, lot of it about these days. I'm sure you'll grow out of it though," Ellie's dad responded, not meeting Arabella's eye.

"Excuse me?" Arabella replied. Ellie's dad now looked up.

"I'm sure it's just a phase. You're far too pretty to be a lesbian," Ellie's dad doubled down.

"HAROLD!"

"DAD!"

The silence felt like it was never going to end. For Ellie, it was made worse by the nagging pressure from her bladder. Arabella's eyes filled with tears, but she fought to gain composure.

"What the FUCK does my physical appearance have to do with my sexuality, which I was FUCKING born with. You ignorant piece of shit, you encapsulate EVERYTHING that's wrong with your generation. No wonder Ellie's..." Arabella stopped herself in the nick of time, picked up her bag and ran out the restaurant, which had now gone silent.

"Bella wait!" Ellie followed her out of the restaurant.

"Look I'm sorry, I can't do this, I can't sit and have lunch with a fucking homophobe," Arabella apologised, through floods of tears.

"Of course babe, I completely understand. You can see why I'm scared to come out though," Ellie comforted her.

"Yeah I know, I'm sorry I was a dick about it. I think you need a big chat with your family though. I can't be your secret forever, and until your dad learns to accept your sexuality, I don't think he'll accept mine. I love you."

"I love you too. And I will, just give me the holidays," Ellie hugged Arabella. "Oh yeah, and can I have the key to the belt? Don't think I can go the entire Christmas holidays without peeing."

Arabella laughed, "Yeah sorry babe, but we're gonna do this again another time, you didn't get off that lightly."

Ellie held back tears as Arabella walked away, still maintaining her perfect poise despite her anger. Returning to the restaurant, Ellie composed herself, and resisted the urge to slap her dad in the face.

"Well she was delightful," her dad smirked.

"What's wrong with you? Why does her sexuality bother you? It has literally nothing to do with you," Ellie shouted, causing the waiter bringing over her Pollo Ad Astra pizza to jump.

"It was a joke Ellie. Not that you're allowed to make them any more," he rolled his eyes. Ellie felt another pang in her bladder as she finished her glass of water.

"Jokes are meant to be funny, not punching down on a marginalised group," Ellie hissed, crossing her legs.

"Look, let's just agree that Harold made an offensive joke which he thought would be funny, and eat our meal," her mum insisted, adopting her usual role of peacemaker.

"It was funny," Harold sulked.

"Whatever, I'm going for a piss," Ellie snarled.

"Excuse me, may I go to the bathroom," her mum corrected her.

###

Ellie bounced around desperately in the stall as she jiggled the key in the lock to her belt.

"Come on, come on," she moaned to herself, her desperate need for the loo made worse by the sound of someone loudly relieving herself in the adjacent stall. She looked at the key closely, and inwardly gasped. This wasn't the key that Arabella had shown her that morning. She sat on the toilet to phone Arabella, before standing up, after realising that made her 10 times more desperate to go. She paced around the stall as the phone rang out and went to voicemail three times. Remembering her family were still out there, and probably now thought she was doing a monster shit, she reluctantly did her jeans back up, and left Arabella a text.

"URGENT! You gave me wrong key, please come back ASAP I'm busting 😐 "

Ellie sat back down, and tried to eat her pizza, ignoring the incessant warning signs from her bladder. She checked her phone constantly, but no messages from Arabella. She must be on the tube, Ellie thought. Not a word had been said at the table, except for her mum making a few remarks about how nice the pizza was. The longer she went without hearing from Arabella, the more anxious she became. It was a three hour drive back home, and she was already bursting for the loo. The tea from breakfast, and the water and wine from lunch had well and truly made itself known in her bladder. She was squirming so much, but thankfully, neither of her parents seemed to notice. Whilst her dad was paying the bill, she Facebook messaged Arabella's flatmate.

"Hey, could you tell Bella to check her phone urgently? Thanks!"

"I'd better go spend a penny, long journey home," her mum excused herself from the table.

"Yeah good idea, because we're not stopping. We need to get home in time for the plumber to come and fix the hot water, otherwise there's no hot showers for Christmas," her dad explained to Ellie.

"One sec," Ellie finally had a phone call.

"Oh my God El, I'm so sorry, I must have given you the key to my postbox by mistake," Arabella apologised.

"Yeah yeah whatever, how quickly can you get back to Holborn?" she asked.

"Fifteen minutes I reckon."

"Ahhhh that's not quick enough, we're leaving now," Ellie cried, crossing her legs tightly as she stood on the pavement, much to the bemusement of passers-by.

"I'm so so sorry El, can you wait fifteen minutes?" Arabella asked.

"I can try."

###

Fifteen minutes had passed, and still no sign of Arabella.

"Right that's it, we're going," her dad replied.

"No no, pleaseeee she's nearly here," Ellie begged, her desperation reaching breaking point.

"You said that five minutes ago," even her mum was fed up now.

"And you can't even tell us what's so important that we need to wait. If we don't go now, then we'll have no hot water at Christmas, and that's not happening. GET IN THE CAR!" her dad's patience had well and truly snapped.

Ellie held back tears as the first spurt of wee escaped her urethra, soaking her panties slightly. The chastity belt was pressing quite heavily on her now very full bladder. Reluctantly, she got in the car, and tried to work out how the hell she was going to get the belt off. A quick google search came up with an article about a 60 year old woman in Italy who needed firefighters to cut her out, whilst other forums suggested using a bolt cutter. The pressure was becoming unbearable however, and she doubted her ability to make it home. She had an idea though, that would at least save her the embarrassment of wetting her jeans. She just wished that she'd thought of it at Pizza Express. After half an hour of agonising desperation, and several leaked spurts, she plucked up the courage.

"Dad? Can we stop?" she asked, noticing a service station coming up two miles away.

"No I told you, no stopping. We're already running late thanks to you," her dad growled.

"Please dad, I don't think I can hold it," she begged.

"What do you mean, you went to the toilet half an hour ago," he replied, confused.

"I don't know, maybe I've got a UTI or something," she suggested.

"Look, if you really have to go, go in this," he passed her an empty Costa cup.

"Dad I'm not doing that, please just stop, there's a service station right here and I'll be quick," she was crying now, as another long trickle of pee escaped her body.

"You can't be that desperate then."

"Harold come on, she's crying," her mum pleaded.

"Please, I'm going to wet myself," Ellie sobbed.

"You are not wetting yourself in this car," he insisted, driving straight past the service station.

Her panties were now sodden with pee, and she realised she no longer really had a choice.

"Okay fine! No one look," she started to take her jeans off, revealing her leather chastity belt. Pulling her black panties to one side as best as she could, she pissed a river into the coffee cup, or at least she did until it was full. The leather of her belt dripped with pee, whilst she hadn't manage to completely avoid her panties either. She tossed the urine out the window, and pulled her jeans back up, ignoring the fact that the wet leather belt had created a wet patch on her trousers. She was still desperate, but at least the bladder pain had subsided a bit. A few spurts leaked after she pulled the jeans back up, but she eventually managed to turn the tap off. Her mum stared at her in shock.

"What the hell are you wearing that for?" she exclaimed.

###

They were stood freezing on the side of the M6, waiting for the AA to arrive. Something had gone wrong with the car, only a few junctions away from home as well. Ellie's dad was livid, on the phone begging the engineer just wait another hour. No one had spoken since seeing Ellie's belt, the wetness of which was making her even colder. She was bursting still, but didn't want to wet herself anymore, knowing it would make her ten times colder in the long run.

"I just don't understand why you're wearing something like that," her mum tried to re-ignite the conversation. Her dad sat down to join them.

"It's just something I'm experimenting with, mum," Ellie wearily explained. "It's nothing to worry about."

"I bet it's that Arabella girl," her dad groaned.

"Yeah okay, you know what, you're right dad. Me and Arabella are lesbians. And we experiment sometimes. And we have lots of sex, lots of fucking gay sex. And it feels so fucking good. She makes me happy, and neither of you seem to care," Ellie exploded, almost in more ways than one, before she regained her composure.

"Is this what makes you happy? Risking bladder damage because your girlfriend has a piss fetish?" her dad angrily snapped.

"Obviously this wasn't meant to happen, but what I do in my personal life has nothing to do with you," the argument was broken up by the arrival of an AA man.

"What's the problem here then?" the AA man asked.

"The car or my daughter?" her dad responded. No one laughed.

As her parents explained what was wrong with the car, Ellie couldn't help but notice a bolt cutter in the van. She weighed up her embarrassment against her utter desperation for the toilet, and decided she'd just have to bite the bullet. She waited patiently for the AA man to go back to the van, before asking.

"Hey, erm this is really awkward, but can I borrow your bolt cutter?" she asked, hopping on the spot, unable to stand still.

"What for squrimy?" the guy asked.

"Erm, I'm locked into a chastity belt," she mumbled.

"Wow this is a first," the guy laughed. "Sure thing."

"Thank you thank you thank you!" Ellie exclaimed, pulling her jeans down as he fetched the bolt cutter. The lock fell to the floor, and Ellie had never been so relieved in her life. No longer caring about her dignity, she pulled the belt down, ripped her panties off, and finally, was able to release her full stream. Kneeling down beside the car, her naked peeing pussy was on display to both her parents and the AA man. The torrent of pee burst out of her for what felt like an age, exploding on the tarmac, and evaporating to steam in the cold weather.

Thankfully her parents turned away, and so did the AA man, although he took a little too long to do so. She wished Arabella was there, so they could climb in the back of the car and fuck each others brains out, but instead, there was just going to be an awkward journey back home, and no doubt some Draconian punishment. Eventually, her stream subsided, and she realised where she was. She pulled up her jeans and panties, leaving the belt on the side of the road, and climbed back inside the car, hoping the world would swallow her up.

*008*2021-08-31 20:22

Thank God she was back in London. It had been a long, sad Christmas, with her parents confiscating her phone and laptop as punishment. Luckily she had at least been able to warn Arabella about the radio silence beforehand, but it was still the loneliest she had ever felt. Now on the train home, she was finally free from her prison. Lugging her suitcase into the compartment, she found a seat and texted Arabella for the first time in nearly a month.

"Hey beautiful, my sentence is finally over! Can't wait to see you soon! Love you so so much xxxxxxxxxx."

About an hour past before she got a response, but it felt like longer because Ellie checked every minute. She'd been active on Facebook and Instagram, so Ellie didn't understand why it was taking her so long.

"Hey El, I'm back tonight as well. I think we need to talk though."

What the fuck does that mean? "Is everything okay?" Ellie texted back.

"Let's talk later." Arabella replied.

Tears started to stream down Ellie's face. It was pretty clear that this was going to be bad. Sadness turned to rage at her parents, for putting their relationship under this strain. "Ok." Ellie replied, letting her know that she was upset as well.

###

The door knocked, Ellie jumped out of bed, then remembered she was probably about to get dumped, so she dialled back the enthusiasm.

"Hey," Arabella weakly said, hugging Ellie.

"Hey, how are you?" Ellie asked. Ellie wore a tight white top and tight skinny jeans, and had spent the whole afternoon making sure she looked at good as possible to make Arabella feel as bad as possible. Arabella looked strangely casual, in fact, Ellie didn't think she'd ever seen her wear jeans before.

"I'm fine, was nice to see the family," she replied. "You?"

"Hell. Dad barely speaks to me, mum's trying to get me counselling, and they both want me to stop seeing you," Ellie lamented.

"And you?" Arabella asked, with a sad glint in her eyes.

"No of course not. I love you," Ellie replied. She noticed Arabella had started to cry. "You?" her voice quivered.

"Of course I love you," Arabella cried. "But..."

Both were sobbing now, the makeup Ellie spent all afternoon applying ran down her face.

"I... just... don't... think... it's going... to... work," Arabella howled in between the sobs.

"Why not?" Ellie asked, trying to hide her tear stained face from Arabella.

Arabella took a few seconds to compose herself "I can't deal with your parents. It's not you, it's all them but it's just too much."

"But we're so perfect together, and if I can deal with it, then you can. I'd never see them ever again if you asked me too," Ellie cried.

"I'm not going to ask you to do that," Arabella took a deep breath. "There's something else too."

Ellie's heart felt like it dropped to her feet. "What?" she asked.

Another deep breath "So you know that New Year party I had at mine?" Arabella asked.

Ellie felt so foolish. "Yes..."

Arabella broke into tears again "I'm so so so sorry, I didn't mean for it to happen."

"What happened?" Ellie asked. More sobs. "What fucking happened?"

"I slept with someone else," Arabella sobbed, looking firmly at the floor.

"Who the fuck was she?" Ellie shouted. She'd never felt such white hot rage before, and as a naturally unconfrontational person, she found it hard to regulate her voice.

"It was a he," she mumbled.

"What?!!" Ellie yelled.

"His name is Chris. We were in sixth form together, and we were just so drunk. But it didn't mean a thing," Arabella bawled.

"So I spend three weeks in hell for defending our relationship, and then you return the favour by fucking a guy," she roared. "Bloody hell!"

"I'm so sorry El, I never meant to hurt you," Arabella cried.

###

The argument went on for about four hours, mostly going round in circles about how betrayed Ellie felt, and how depressed Ellie's parents had made Arabella feel. The clock turned midnight.

"I'm going for a wee," Arabella stood up.

"No you're fucking not," Ellie blocked the door to the bathroom.

"Sorry you can't stop me fucking pissing," Arabella exclaimed.

"It's my toilet, and I don't let people who fuck me over use it," Ellie replied.

"Come on, I've been desperate for hours," Arabella begged, now crossing her legs tightly.

"I don't care," Ellie coldly replied.

"This is so immature El, and even weirder because you and I both know you get off on it," Arabella broke into a pee dance.

"I get off on it when it's someone I love. Not some bitch who cheated on me at the first opportunity," Ellie replied.

"Come on I'm not fucking around, I'm bursting," Arabella grabbed herself. "Is me pissing myself some sort of revenge for you?"

"I have no interest in revenge, but if you're not going to the loo here," Ellie replied. A dark wet spot appeared on Arabella's trousers, causing her to contort her legs dramatically.

"Well what the fuck am I meant to do?" Arabella asked, as a long spurt leaked into her panties.

"I don't care," Ellie answered.

Arabella shook her head, and ran out of the room, clutching her achingly full bladder.

###

Ellie sat on the loo and cried, whilst also relieving herself. She'd also had to go pretty badly, but she didn't want to give Arabella the satisfaction of showing any weakness. Wiping herself after the last few drops of pee, she got a text from Arabella.

"Just wet myself at the bus stop because all the other toilets were closed. Hope that's what you wanted."

Ellie replied, "I wanted a girlfriend who respected me enough to not cheat on me. Don't contact me again," and with that, she blocked her number.

*009*2021-09-01 18:27

Ellie sighed as she released the urine her bladder had held overnight, waking up desperate as usual. Washing her hands she returned to bed. Her new partner lay there, unperturbed by Ellie's morning alarm clock. Three months they'd been dating now. Marking three months since her last interaction with Arabella.

"Good to see you moved on so quickly," she had hissed before their morning lecture, the same lecture where Ellie had once fallen in love with her.

His name was James. A nice, unthreatening boy from Kent, that mum and dad approved of. Their conversation was okay, their sex was okay. their relationship was okay. She knew he wasn't going to hurt her, and that made her feel safe.

"Good morning sleepy," Ellie ruffled James's hair as he slowly woke up.

"Hey gorgeous. What time is it?" he wearily asked.

"Seven, I'm gonna head to the library and get some last minute revision done," Ellie replied, changing out of her pyjamas for her shower. It was the day of her final exam of first year, and it was on the module Ellie found most difficult, so she had been working non-stop.

"You're gonna smash it babe," he smiled, before falling asleep again. Arabella would have jumped in the shower with her at this point.

###

Ellie sat at the bus stop, finishing her bottle of Diet Coke. She'd had a busy morning revising, and felt good ahead of the exam. However, she was acutely aware of her filling bladder. The loos on the ground floor of the library were closed, and she hadn't felt desperate enough to go back up to the first floor. A decision she now regretted as the Diet Cokes and energy drinks she'd been drinking had made themselves known. Nonetheless, she was more than confident she'd be able to make it until they got to the exam hall, about a half hour drive away. A familiar scent wafted into her nose, and she immediately felt her heart rate increase. There was only one person she knew who wore that vanilla and rose perfume.

"Hello," Arabella initiated the conversation, with a definite frost to her tone.

"Hi," Ellie replied.

"How's your boyfriend?"

"He's fine. How's your girlfriend?" Arabella had started dating a girl she played hockey with about two weeks ago.

"We broke up, actually. We weren't a good fit," she replied.

"Oh," Ellie answered, before adding "I'm sorry."

"It's okay," Arabella replied. "You ready for this exam then?"

"I think so, I've done so much revision so think it'll be fine," Ellie answered. "You?"

"Yeah, messing it though. I need a first if I want to do a term abroad next year," Arabella certainly looked more flustered than usual.

"No way, me too! Where are you planning on going?" Ellie was secretly pleased they were having normal conversations again.

"Hong Kong, been a few times with the family but really want to spend a few months there, you?"

"New York," Ellie replied, a bit disappointed they weren't going to the same place.

"Ah, shame," Arabella seemed to genuinely mean it.

###

The bus eventually came, much to Ellie's relief. She was starting to desperately need the loo, and she was worried about the queues for the toilet in the exam hall. There were only two spare seats on the bus, right next to each other. Ugh, Ellie thought. As nice as it had been speaking to Arabella, she still hurt her so badly, and she wasn't ready to be too overly pally yet. Nonetheless the two sat down next to each other. Arabella wore a pair of floaty trousers and a white t-shirt, and as usual, looked effortlessly beautiful. Ellie herself wore a yellow shirt with black dungarees, despite James telling her she looked like a minion. Ellie noticed that Arabella looked a bit uncomfortable.

"Are you alright?" Ellie asked.

"I really need a wee," Arabella admitted. Ellie's interest piqued.

"Oh my God me too. Was going to go to the ones on the ground floor, but they were closed for cleaning," Ellie crossed her legs again, talking about the predicament made it worse.

"Ugh I'm drinking so much water at the moment, I pretty much constantly need to piss," Arabella really did look quite agitated.

"It's okay," Ellie replied looking at her watch. "We should still get there in plenty of time."

###

Arabella groaned as the traffic stopped again, after they had moved ahead another few inches. "I have to pee so so so badly," she dug her fist into her crotch.

"Me too," Ellie bounced up and down on her seat. She glanced at her watch again. "And we only have five minutes before the start of the exam!"

"This is fucked. I might have to go here," Arabella desperately glanced around for a container.

"What, are you serious?" she asked.

"I'm burstinggggggg, and there's no way we'll be able to go before the exam," Arabella inspected a fried chicken bucket which had been left on the floor. Positioning it by her crotch, she was about to pull her trousers down, before someone coughed behind her.

"I hope you're not about to do what I think you are," an old lady cast a disapproving look.

"No no, of course not," Arabella replied, clenching everything to avoid leakage, casting the fried chicken box aside.

The bus finally pulled into the centre, and they ran as quickly as their full bladders allowed them to to the exam room. They were about twelve minutes late, but they'd still be allowed to sit the exam as long as they made it in five minutes.

"El, I'm so desperate, do we have time to go?" Arabella asked.

"No I don't think so. We'll be okay," Ellie replied, but she wasn't so sure.

###

Five minutes left of the paper, and Ellie felt like her bladder was going to rupture. All she could think about was how badly she wanted to run out of the exam room, rip her dungarees off, and release her pent up urine. She was beyond desperate now, she was absolutely bursting at the seams. A streak of pee dampened her panties, after a particularly violent pang in her bladder. She whimpered a bit as she tried her best to write something coherent on her exam paper.

She looked over at Arabella, who looked in an even worst state than her. Arabella had put her hand up about five minutes ago to ask for the bathroom, but they presumably said no. They had very strict rules at this centre, after someone had been caught cheating in one of the first exams. Ellie could barely hold a pen at this point, with her left hand firmly dug into the crotch of her dungarees. She'd seen other people looking at her, and she was sure that they all knew how desperate she was. She didn't care. A tear ran down her cheek as another wave hit her, causing a long jet of hot wee to escape. She looked across, Arabella was crying, almost hunched over in pain.

"Okay that's time," the invigiliator shouted.

Ellie and Arabella immediately left their seats, breaking the usual protocol of sitting until everyone's papers had been collected. Despite the protestations, the two darted out the room, as quickly as their overflowing bladders would allow them. Ellie was practically already wetting herself at this point, and from the look of the very noticeable wet patch on her trousers, Arabella was already half way there too. So close to relief, the two were aghast to see a massive queue for the ladies when they turned the corner.

"I can't hold it anymore," Arabella sobbed.

"Right, come on," Ellie took charge, feeling more pee gush down her leg.

With Arabella practically unable to walk, Ellie dragged her into the men's toilets. Ignoring murmurings and "what the fucks" from the guys inside, the two burst into a stall. Arabella ripped her trousers down and began to release a river which could have given the Nile a run for its money. Her relief was so good that she didn't even realise she was still wearing her white knickers. Too desperate to get out of her dungarees, Ellie straddled her, and released her torrent through her dungarees. She'd never felt relief like it, while she'd also never been so turned on in her life. Arabella sobbed with relief, as her never ending stream continued to hiss into the bowl.

Ellie's dungarees were now completely soaked, probably ruined. She couldn't care less. The situation got the better of her, and she animalistically pulled Arabella towards her, kissing her ecstatically. Arabella clearly felt the same, frantically fiddling with the back of Ellie's dungarees, whilst her stream still showed no signs of stopping. Ellie yanked Arabella's soaking panties down, before taking off her white t-shirt, and then her bra, as her stream finally died out. Arabella pulled Ellie's dungarees down, and started to finger her through her drenched panties. She slowly rubbed her pussy through as Ellie moaned, before slipping them off completely. Ellie followed suit, and eventually, they were both sat on the toilet, completely naked apart from their shoes, fingering each other.

"Fuck I missed this," Arabella roared with delight, seemingly forgetting there were people still trying to use the bathroom.

"Oh my God, me too," Ellie replied, on the verge of cumming.

After the two came, the reality of the situation hit them.

"Erm, so now what?" Arabella asked.

*011*2021-10-06 13:03

Epilogue

“Ugh, why do they make these things so unpractical?” asked Arabella, as she desperately struggled to escape from the jumpsuit which was holding her prisoner.

“You chose to wear a jumpsuit,” Ellie teased her, as she danced around within the tight confines of the bathroom stall. “Now hurry up, I’m bursting too.”

It was their graduation day, and just over two years since Arabella and Ellie had rekindled their relationship. Now stronger than ever, the two of them were set to move in together, having found a tiny flat in Clapham. They’d joked that the place would constantly stink of piss, with the two of them no longer having to hide their fetish from flatmates. In truth, compared with their first year of university, there had been far fewer pee incidents. Sure, there had been the odd desperate wee in an alleyway home from a night out, and occasionally they would hold their pee for each other on the rare occasion they had a flat to themselves.

“Finally,” Arabella sighed, as she pulled her jump suit down, exposing her perfect tits, and she released her pent up urine into the bowl.

“Ugh, come on. I have to go so badly, you know coffee goes straight through me,” Ellie tried her best to block out the sounds of Arabella’s pee. So close to the toilet, her bladder was working overtime to keep her knickers dry.

“I’m going as fast as I can,” Arabella laughed at her desperate girlfriend. “Okay I’m done,” she grinned, wiping herself, and pulling her panties back up.

“Thank you, thank you, thank you,” Ellie had been sat on the toilet less than a second before her bladder started to empty. “Ohhhh thank God.”

“Blimey Els, you weren’t lying when you said you had to go badly. I probably should have let you go first,” Arabella remarked.

“You bitch,” Ellie smirked, as her wee showed no signs of slowing down.

“Love you,” Arabella blew a kiss.

Ellie smiled “I love you too.”

###

“How far away are we, I’m about to wet my knickers,” Arabella whispered to Ellie.

“Hmmm, think about five minutes. But you can’t go straight inside, we’ve got to get some pictures first,” Ellie insisted.

“Honestly Els, I’m absolutely dying for a wee, I was already desperate by the time we got to the church,” Arabella grimaced.

“The pictures shouldn’t take too long, but it’s meant to rain in half an hour, and I want to get pictures of everyone before that happens,” Ellie pleaded.

“Look Els, if you want me to wait, I can. But it might spoil the pictures if I’m crying because I’m stood in my own piss on my own wedding day!” Arabella was looking frantic now.

“Okay okay, just be as quick as you can,” Ellie smiled. “Wifey.”

Arabella smiled, but her attention immediately turned to her bladder, which threatened to soak the back seat of their Rolls Royce. “I love you so much.”

After what felt like an age to Arabella, they pulled up at the hotel where they were having their reception. Clenching everything, she ran as quickly as her erupting bladder would allow her, with Ellie following close behind her.

“Girls!” a familiar voice exclaimed.

Arabella uttered a muffled “sorry” as she ran straight past to the bathroom, ignoring Ellie’s father gesturing for a hug.

“She just really needs the toilet,” Ellie explained to her parents.

“I see,” Ellie’s mum laughed.

“Erm Ellie, now we’ve got you by yourself, we felt we should apologise for how we were when you started dating,” her dad looked like he was about to cry.

“Oh dad, really it’s…” Ellie began.

“No no, I need to say it. We were, well frankly medieval about it. But I’ve seen how happy you two make each other, and we couldn’t be happier for you both. And I’m just so ashamed it took me so long to accept it,” Ellie and her parents were now all sobbing.

“I love you guys,” Ellie cried, going in for a hug with both of them.

Arabella emerged, looking about half a stone lighter. “Oh my God, sorry about that you two, but there might have been a flood in the foyer if I’d stopped.”

Ellie’s dad blushed “Congratulations you two, we wish you so many years of happiness.”

###

Ellie crossed her legs, and looked at her watch anxiously. She’d been so busy all day, that she’d barely had time to use the toilet. And now her need was making itself known, and desperately.

“Come on, come on, come on,” Ellie willed herself to hold on. She grabbed her phone.

“How far away are you? Jack asleep and bladder code red :/“

No reply. Jack had only just gone to sleep, and the last thing Ellie wanted to do was to wake him up by moving him. But since giving birth, Ellie found that her bladder control wasn’t quite as strong as it used to be. She gasped as a long spurt of piss escaped, lightly soaking her panties.

“Can’t hold it, can’t hold it,” Ellie muttered, standing up to put Jack back in his crib.

As soon as her foot touched the stairs, Jack started howling. Ellie thought about ignoring it and going to pee, but it went against every single maternal instinct she had. Groaning as she felt a trickle of urine run down her leg, she picked up Jack and began to lightly rock him. The door opened, and Ellie almost wet herself right there and then.

“Hey babe, can you come and hold Jack quickly, I’m absolutely bursting for a wee,” Ellie begged, as another long streak of wee soaked her crotch.

“Can I go first Els, I haven’t had time to go all day and I’m already leaking,” Arabella was also beside herself with desperation, barely able to stand still without grabbing her crotch. Arabella had just started a new job as a teacher, and had complained several times about the lack of opportunity to use the toilet during the working day.

“Neither have I, and me too,” Ellie was sure that the pee had soaked through her jeans now.

“Ugh fine, give him here,” Arabella took Jack from Ellie’s arms, immediately feeling another burst of wee leave her bladder.

However, it was already too late for Ellie, as her bladder decided time was up. She felt the familiar warmth soak her crotch, and a cascade of urine burst out of her aching pee hole. She sighed in relief, as her light blue jeans gradually turned a much darker shade. Arabella could not help herself laughing, but regretted it straight away, as her muscles relaxed. She tried to stem the flow by crossing her legs, but it was no use. Her bursting bladder gave away, rivulets of wee running down her tights and into her shoes. The two burst out laughing, as Jack looked around in bemusement.

“Oh my God, that was so funny,” Arabella laughed, shaking each leg in turn to get rid of the last few drops of pee.

“Can’t believe the 3 month old baby is the only one here who hasn’t had an accident here,” Ellie chuckled.

“I love you so much,” Arabella smiled. “And I love you so much!” she added in a baby like voice, turning her head towards Jack.

“I love you both with all my heart,” Ellie replied.

And just like every other time they said it, they both truly meant it.
