Desperate Lesbians

Author: Notme246

*000*2018-08-22 14:04

Note: This contains female lesbian romance. If you don't like lesbian couples, this story may not be for you.

With that, enjoy. ^^

###

Mana was sitting on her couch with her phone in hand. She was a bit nervous. She was getting ready to call Villy and ask her out, but her hands were shaking and she was hesitant.

Finally, she dialed the number and called, then waited.

Aftee 3 beeps, Villy picked up.

"Hello?". She said from the other end. "H-hey Villy..". Mana said. "I-I was wondering something..".

"Yeah?" Villy asked. "D-do you want to uhh...g-go out today?..". Mana asked nervous.

Villy was silent for a moment. Then replied "S-sure! W-where so you wanna meet?". She asked.

"T-the park?" Mana asked. "Yeah! T-the park sounds p-perfect!" Villy said. "I-I'll see you then!". Then she hung up.

Mana got excited, she actually said yes!

Mana then started getting ready, she took a water bottle and drank a good half of it as she walked out the door.

As she walked to the park, she drank the rest of her water bottle, feeling the water slosh around in her belly a bit. She was nervous, this was her first ever date. It was obvious that both Mana and Villy had feelings for each other, but neither of them were confident enough to confess.

Mana was sweating nervously when she got to the park. She felt a small twinge in her bladder, but she ignored it.

Villy was sitting on a bench. Mana took a deep breath and sat down next to her. "H-hey Villy!". Mana said, feeling her heart race.

"H-hey Mana!". Villy said happily. "Glad you made it!".

"S-so uh, what do you wanna do?". Mana ask, feeling another twinge in her bladder, but ignoring it once again.

"We could just sit here for a bit? Ya know.. Just chat?". Villy suggested.

"S-sure!" Mana said.

They started nervously chatting with one another. While doing this, Mana felt a stronger twinge in her bladder. This one was to strong to ignore, but she didn't wanna stop talking to Villy.

They continued talking, but during it Mana occasionally squeezed and shifted her legs. 'Gotta pee...gotta pee so baaaddd...'. She thought.

Villy spotted a lemonade stand nearby. "Oh! Wanna go get some lemonade?". She asked.

Mana didn't wanna say yes, but she couldn't say no. "S-sure!". She said nervously.

They went over and each got a cup of lemonade.

Villy guzzled hers down, Mana hesitated, then did the same, feeling the lemonade fall into her belly. She shuddered as she felt her bladder protest.

'Oooh gosh...I gotta go so bad...b-but...I don't wanna leave Villy waiting for me...I-I'm sure I can wait...'. Mana thought.

They decided to just walking around for awhile. Just doing more chatting. Mana struggled not to grab herself or cross her legs but barely managed. Finally, Villy wanted to sit on the grass, so they did.

Mana crossed her legs. Her bladder had defiently been filling up, and after that lemonade she knew it was full now. She secretly clutched her pee hole once in awhile to try and keep it all in.

'I can't keep it in m-much longer!... I-It's l-leaking out!". She thought.

She then felt a spurt escape and clutched her pee hole tightly. Villy saw a her eyes-widened.

"A-are you ok?". She asked nervously. "Y-yeah! I-I just...really REALLY need to use the little manaphy's room". Mana said, slightly embarrassed.

"O-oh uhh..". Villy started to frantically looking for a bathroom. Mana meanwhile was doing a small pee dance, her legs shaking. "Oooooh...gotta peeee...so baaddllyyy...". She moaned.

"U-um...I'm sure there's one around here..". Villy said as she and Mana started looking.

After a while of looking there was no luck. And Mana's bladder was on the verge of exploding.

"Oooh! I-I c-can't keep it in much longer! My bladder's about to buuurrrsst!!!". Mana whined as she felt a large wave of desperation wash over her. She was at her limit, her bladder was ready to explode now.

Villy realized their was only one choice. "You're...gonna have to go in the bushes...". She said.

Mana wanted to protest, but saw no other option. So she slowly walked to the bushes, clutching her throbbing pee hole in the process.

She got over a bush, a squatted down. "D-don't look..". She said weakly.

Villy turned around, facing away from Mana.

Mana then took a deep breath and tried to go, but she couldn't. Depsite how much it was throbbing against her pee hole and how her stomach ached. Not even a drop would come out.

"I-I....". Mana was shaking. The feeling of being ready to explode but not being able to go was agonIzingly painful.

"I-I c-can't go...". Mana said embarrassed.

Villy slowly turned around and saw Mana shaking in pain. She slowly walked over to her. Then she started rubbing her on the back.

Mana, depsite the pain she was in, qas enjoting it. "Nnnnn..". She tried to ler it out. But it still wouldn't come.

Villy then leaned close to Mana and kissed her on the cheek.

Mana felt a whole swarm of emtions at once, and it was enough to allow the floodgates to open. She started forcefully peeing in the bushes. A long strean that last around 2 minutes. Then finally, it slowly died down and eventually came to a stop.

Mana was relieved, although slightly embarrassed. But she was also a bit shocked.

"V-villy....you...". Mana stuttered.

"Hey, it worked didn't it?". Villy said with a wink.

Mana gave a small smile and hugged Villy. "I love you Villy..".

Villy blushed at this comment, then hugged back. "I-I...I love you too Mana..".

###

Hope you guys enjoyed! I will defiently make more stories with these two if you want. Anyways see you all later! :3

*007*2018-08-22 21:45

{{6 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a excellent story I loved it

}}

Thank you!

{{4 hours ago, KozmoFox said:

I liked it, but I think you overdid the stuttering. Gets a little jarring to read after a bit.

}}

I'll tone down the stuttering next time, thank you for the feedback!

$

*010*2018-08-23 00:28

{{2 hours ago, Ghostblade913 said:

I’m sorry but I have to do this

$iframe frameborder="0" height="344" width="459" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/0JvcqVbnI1k?feature=oembed"

}}

Ok i get it there was a lot of stuttering...

I understand there was a lot of stuttering so please stop telling me...it was fine when it was just critisism and feedback but now it just makes me feel like I did bad..

*012*2018-08-23 03:51

{{2 hours ago, Ghostblade913 said:

I’m sorry I know there’s a lot of complaining about the stuttering but I just had to make the joke. I never intended to make you feel bad forgive me

}}

It's ok

*016*2018-09-21 07:13

{{On 9/13/2018 at 12:00 PM, Clownpiece said:

To take attention away from the stuttering, I agree this was really cute! It's so rare to see lesbian content like this, it was super fluffy and i loved it and im sorry for being so gay abhjfvbhdfs

}}

Thank you, this honestly makes me feel better! ;v;

