You Love Me, Really - Page 2

Author: Noot

*029*2020-07-20 22:48

The first few drinks went down like a charm. Becca and Hannah sat at the far end of Alice's kitchen table, laughing and joking along with everybody as the music blared out from a portable speaker in the middle. The conversation grew gradually less coherent as everyone got slowly tipsier, but the group got on like a house on fire while one of the boys who lived in the flat led them through a long list of increasingly illegitimate drinking games. Nobody noticed that the two girls from upstairs were sitting far closer together than usual, or that occasionally one would put their arm around the other when they sipped from their glass. Or perhaps they did, but nobody bought it up. Other than some small details, there was little to suggest to a casual observer that Becca and Hannah's relationship had changed at all since the last time they had gathered.

Several hours (and several bottles) in, the unavoidable consequences of drinking multiple litres of fluid began to make themselves known- and not just speaking in terms of intoxication. Hannah was well aware of a weight in her freshly-filled bladder, in which a much-needed pee was sloshing around uncomfortably, but she'd become engrossed in the conversation. Besides, the effects of the alcohol had predictably made her more daring, and she didn't much want to leave the table so soon. So she pushed it to the back of her mind, keeping up with the games determinedly. When the urge got bad, Hannah simply crossed one leg over the other and soldiered on. Out of nowhere, though, she felt her phone vibrate in her pocket- a text from Becca. Which was strange, given that Becca was sitting a few inches from her. Curious, Hannah opened the message.

U look like u need a wee, it read. She snapped her head to the left to see Becca smirking at her tipsily. Hannah knew she'd been caught red handed.

How did u know? she replied. Until then, Hannah had thought she was doing a good job of subtly hiding her predicament, but Becca had left her feeling like she'd just been picked apart by a trained detective.

Ive known u for 10 yrs and you NEVER cross your legs unless you need 2 go, came Becca's next message. Both girls were trying to be inconspicuous with their texting, so as not to arouse suspicion from the other people around the table, but tipsiness made such elusiveness hard to maintain.

OK, you got me. So what? Hannah asked, Who made you the pee police?

I'm not complaining... i think its cute, Becca texted back, along with a winky face. Hannah looked up, gobsmacked by her friend's cheekiness, but Becca was deliberately looking in the opposite direction, talking to another guest.

Oi oi. I'm surprised u don't need to pee too, Hannah replied, and put her phone face down on the table right on time for her turn in Never Have I Ever. It took a moment for Becca to message back, but Hannah kept the corner of her eye out. As soon as the taller girl put her phone back in her pocket, Hannah picked up her own mobile, knowing there would be a reply- and she wasn't disappointed.

Who says I don't need 2 pee? Becca had written- and underneath, am bloody bursting

Then go pee u muppet, Hannah suggested helpfully. Her grammar, which was usually something to be obsessed over, was going out the window as the drinks stacked up.

Don't want 2 break the seal, Becca explained.

Me neither... but gonna have to go toilet soon

Bet I can hold longer than u, Becca wrote, accompanied by another winky face. Hannah wasn't sure if this newfound boldness was a product of the alcohol or of the new turn their relationship had taken a few hours ago. Perhaps it was a mixture of the two. Either way, if they were technically dating now, she wasn't about to be shown up by her new girlfriend.

After all, if Becca really was desperate for the loo, it could be an easy win for Hannah. They'd never done any sort of holding contest together before, although Hannah had tried one at a sleepover in her much younger years and failed pretty disastrously. She glanced over to Becca, dressed to impress and made up. Up to that point, Hannah hadn't noticed any visible signs of Becca's need to pee, but right as she watched, the young woman reached down under the table and gave her pussy a quick squeeze.

Ur on, said Hannah confidently. First person to get up loses, loser buys drinks. Too late, it occurred to her faintly that the crotch-squeeze might have been showmanship for Hannah's benefit, but she was willing to gamble that it was a genuine indicator that Becca had to go pretty badly. Regardless, before she could rescind her terms, the reply came buzzing through.

Deal, it read, but don't expect me to go easy on u xxx

*030*2020-07-21 01:24

It only took a few minutes for Becca to start having regrets. For one thing, her bladder had skipped several rungs on the desperation ladder and she was already feeling on the verge of leaking territory. For another, Hannah seemed to be dealing with the need to wee much better than she was. The brunette was sitting calmly, smiling and actively talking, her crossed legs barely indicative of anything to anyone except for her best friend. By contrast, Becca was struggling to sit still. Her right knee bounced rhythmically under the table while her curvy thighs knocked together. Things were starting to look dire, and yet she knew she couldn't give up so soon after starting the bet- especially not when she was the one who initiated the contest. But it was becoming clear that holding for more than another ten minutes would be impossible. She was going to have to start playing dirty.

The only clear tactic to increase Hannah's need to pee without unnecessarily inflating hers or giving the game away was by slipping her attacks into the drinking games. It was a risky strategy- if Hannah figured it out she'd use it against Becca- but it seemed the best option. So, when Becca's turn came in the circle, she cleared her throat drunkenly and said "Never have I ever... been skiing".

Several people around the table drunk to this, including- as Becca had expected- Hannah. The real question was whether or not Hannah suspected that the question had been designed to make her take in more fluids. It seemed as though her friend hadn't joined the dots up, though, and Becca felt that she may have gotten away with it. Which was good, because she really had to use the bathroom. It wasn't quite as urgent yet as it had been before her accident earlier, but things were quickly getting to the point where she'd have no choice but to get up and go. The good news was that Hannah was finally beginning to look like she was in trouble too; her hands were both pressed together between her thighs in a pose that most people would interpret as natural, but which Becca recognised as a tell-tale sign of a dangerously full bladder.

The game continued, each of the eight people gathered around the table getting their turn to try and make people take a sip.

"Never have I ever taken an illegal pill," said one girl at the back. Becca and Hannah were among those to drink. Becca felt warmth in her pussy, but whether that was from pee or sweat she couldn't tell.

"Never have I ever swam in the ocean," said a young man next to her. Becca drunk reluctantly, but Hannah didn't. She was hoping for more questions like that one, because if she had to drink much more fluid then even making it to Alice's room was a doubt.

"Never have I ever been to a rap concert," came the next turn. This time, neither girl picked up their glasses. Hannah rubbed a circle around a sensitive area with her thumb through her trousers, hoping it might ease the desperation. It didn't.

"Never have I ever shit myself," said another boy crudely. Hannah drank, followed by Becca, both relieved that they weren't the only ones, and no questions were asked.

"Never have I ever... fallen asleep in a class," Alice offered. Now it was Hannah's turn to drink guiltily while Becca was spared. The latter was fighting with every fibre of her being to keep herself clenched shut.

"Never have I ever been on a rollercoaster," said a small, tanned woman. Both friends knew that the other had to drink to this.

Hannah's turn. Becca held her breath. Had Hannah had the same idea as her? Would she try and use her turn to make her rival drink more, and make her need to pee even worse? She thought for several seconds before speaking.

"Never have I ever... won a game of bowling," Hannah said finally.

You stone cold bitch, Becca thought with a furious admiration. Hannah was a sharp woman, but Becca had hoped the alcohol would cloud her strategical nous. Not so. Becca took a sip while her friend smirked gloatingly. Each drink was like torture for the two of them at this stage, but sheer drunken bravado held either back from giving in. Unable to help herself, Becca was now openly grabbing her crotch under the table, squeezing with all her willpower and hoping the overhang of the wooden surface stopped anyone but Hannah from seeing. In front of her, she heard another vibration from her phone and picked it up.

Looking pretty desperate there hun, it taunted her.

Ur not doing much better, Becca pointed out. It was true- Hannah was quite clearly pressing down on her crotch and squirming from side to side. Her arms pressed her breasts together as they reached down to meet between her thighs, which were clamped shut. In short, neither woman looked likely to last much longer.

One more drink and I swear Im gonna wee myself, Hannah admitted. Becca read the text, read it again and gave her friend an evil grin.

You shouldn't have told me that, came her reply. The taller girl sat up straight, shut off her phone and slid it into her pocket. The eyes of the room were on Becca by now, waiting for her to take the next turn. She looked at Hannah like a huntress and delivered the killer blow, every word like a dagger, condemning the girl beside her.

"Never have I ever slept with a man," she said, knowing that the damage was done. Hannah shot her a furious look, drank briefly from her glass of gin and put it down heavily on the table. She refused to make eye contact with Becca, her toes tapping vigorously against the wooden floor.

Three seconds passed.

And Hannah stood up. She excused herself to the rest of the table and started walking briskly to the door, Becca in tow. When the kitchen door had closed safely behind them, Becca couldn't resist giving her friend a tug on the arm and turning her around.

"I win," she said, unable to fight the temptation to gloat despite the state of sheer desperation both were in.

"I hate you," Hannah grumbled as she bobbed up and down on the spot, "but yes, you win, so will you please let me piss?"

"Hmm, maybe," Becca said, enjoying herself in spite of everything, "if you admit that I have the biggest bladder".

"Fine, you have the biggest bladder," Hannah said hurriedly, "now come on. Please, Bex, I'm leaking here," she turned and started dragging the other woman towards Alice's bedroom.

"Hang on, Han, I'm busting too," Becca protested, "and I think as the winner I should get to go first," she pushed in front of Hannah, who wasn't having any of it.

"Only if you want to explain to Alice why I've pissed all over her bedroom floor". She was practically doubled over as she walked, until they reached the door.

"Hannah, wait," Becca said seriously. They turned to face each other. Gently, Becca reached over and brushed the hair away from her friend's cheek. She leant into a slow, warm kiss. It was almost enough to make Hannah forget about how desperately she needed to use the bathroom, and her eyes couldn't stay open as she returned the passion. Her hands started to wander down to Becca's hips and she heard the other woman moan into her lips.

Click. The erotic moaning noise was interrupted by the sound of hinges creaking open. Startled, Hannah opened her eyes to see Alice's bedroom door unlocked, and Becca quickly moving inside. She'd unbuttoned her jeans during the kiss, showing off the front of a pair of purple panties. Before Hannah could react, Becca winked at her.

"Sorry, Han- when a girl gotta go, she gotta go". Becca disappeared into the room, and by the time Hannah had followed, the other woman was already getting seated on the toilet. Her bare legs were spread wide apart, perhaps intentionally giving Hannah a full-frontal view as pee exploded from within her. Becca leant back theatrically, moaning loudly in relief. Not even the moans were enough to drown out the hissing sound of her stream hitting the water, which was driving Hannah's bladder insane. The sight of Becca relieving herself into the only available loo made holding it in so much harder. She could see every detail- the lightly golden colour of Becca's urine, the sight of it erupting from beneath dark pubic hair, the way the stream split apart into a spray of smaller rivulets.

Hannah wasn't sure what Becca's motivations were- was she trying to make Hannah's need to pee even worse? Attempting to turn Hannah on? Or was it just that this was her authentic reaction to the relief of letting go? There wasn't much time to think or care- Hannah knew she was seconds away from a major accident.

"Bex, come on, that's not fair. I need a wee so fucking bad," she whined, hopping from foot to foot and unzipping her trousers in anticipation.

"You snooze, you lose," Becca told her, "I am sorry, though. I just couldn't wait-" she sighed mid-sentence from the pleasure of it, "- another second".

"That doesn't help me! I'm gonna wet myself, Bex, I can't hold it!" Becca seemed to grow more empathetic at that, looking around the room as she continued to piss powerfully. Her eyes lit up once she spotted a half-empty water bottle in the corner of the bathroom.

"Here- can you go in this?" she asked. Hannah seized it gratefully, yanked her trousers and knickers down to her ankles in one fluid motion, and started to get the bottle opening lined up. "Empty it first!" Becca reminded her sternly. Hannah swore as she chucked the contents of the bottle into the sink and began to realign it, but those few seconds had cost her dearly. Hannah's tormented bladder started to give out right as she was almost ready to let go, and a squirt of hot pee splattered against her thumb just before she could get the bottle into place.

She knew that Becca had seen the accidental leak, but there was no time to address it. When she finally let go, the feeling was quite incredible. It was as if she was being rescued from an unstoppable peril, her bladder emptying rapidly into the clear plastic container. For a few seconds, all that could be heard was the harmony of the two women peeing together and vocalising their relief. But Becca interrupted the peace, pointing at the bottle frantically.

"Babe- no way are you gonna finish before that fills up". Hannah looked down and saw that her friend was right. The bottle was nearly full and she was nowhere near done pissing. Panicking, she tried to clench her bladder shut, but her exhausted muscles were slow to react.

"I can't stop it! Once I start peeing it's, like, impossible to stop!" she hissed. When she finally managed to stem the flow, both girls knew it was a split second too late. The pee began to rise faster and faster as the neck of the bottle grew narrower, and, inevitably, it overflowed like a wave breaking against a wall. Pee washed down the exterior edges of the bottle, ran over Hannah's fingers and dripped onto the bathroom floor. She'd succeeded in stopping the waterfall- for now- but not quite soon enough.

"Fuck, Bex, are you nearly done? I can't keep the rest of it in much longer, I'm still absolutely busting," Hannah whinged.

"Give me twenty seconds, babe, I'm so close to being empty," Becca begged. Hannah gingerly put the bottle back down on the shelf and grabbed her naked crotch once more. She felt the warmth and wetness of pee on her palm. Even now, even through the pain, pleasure could be found somewhere in the feeling of skin on skin. That was nothing compared to the sensations coming from her bladder- the unmistakable sense of being about to lose control. Hannah realised all at once that she wasn't going to make it. Drastic action had to be taken.

"No, I can't wait that long," she said, "okay, I'm sorry- please never tell Alice about this". She spun on the spot, squatted and unleashed a ferocious jet of wee into the shower drain. Beautiful, near-sexual relief contrasted in her head with burning shame and humiliation that she'd been forced to urinate in the shower of a woman she barely knew. It had been the only option- but it was one that made her feel like a child. Not that Hannah was in any position to stop it. Once she'd begun to come to her senses, she realised that Becca was staring. And not at her pussy- at her eyes. Becca was watching with fascination as Hannah's green eyes rolled back in the midst of the total loss of bodily control.

"Fuck, that feels so much better," Becca gasped, her own stream finally coming to an end. A few final spurts followed, before she reached over and started tearing off sheets of toilet paper. There was little time to waste- if they took too long Alice would surely come looking for them, which absolutely could not be allowed. Hannah's cheeks were burning as her final dribbles spattered from her crotch and onto the floor, before gurgling down the drain.

"I'm so embarrassed," she groaned, beginning to wipe herself dry.

"Why?"

"I just pissed in Alice's shower, in front of you, do you have to ask why?"

Becca stood up, did up her jeans and nonchalantly took the soiled paper from Hannah to dump into the bowl. She shook her head quickly. "Don't be embarrassed on my account. In fact... can I tell you something?" she said.

"Go on"

"I thought it was kinda hot," Becca admitted, and now it was her turn to blush.

"You did?" Hannah was almost speechless.

"Yeah, a little. I don't know why. Maybe I'm just weird". Hannah leaned over to flush the toilet and close the lid. She gave Becca a peck on the lips, which seemed to reassure her.

"I don't think it's weird. If I wasn't so desperate I would've enjoyed the show you were giving me when you sat down," she confessed, moving to wash out the pee-filled bottle.

"Really?"

"Really". Satisfied that the bottle could no longer give them away, she replaced it on the shelf and rinsed the urine from her skin. The effects of the alcohol were starting ti make themselves known again, setting back in now the pressing desperation was abated. "I've seen you pee a million times, but never with your legs open like that. It was... kind of like a sneak preview".

Becca stopped her when they got to the door. "On that subject, actually..." she said hesitantly, her hand resting on the doorknob, "do you feel drunk?"

Hannah paused. "Yeah," she admitted.

"Right, me too," Becca agreed, "and we're only gonna get drunker. So let's agree to not... you know, do anything tonight. Just keep it like a normal night out, but with snogging". She laughed out loud at the last part- perhaps because of how unfathomable it would have seemed that morning that she'd be saying such a thing twelve hours later.

Hannah looked relieved. "Good plan," she said, before adding "I mean, I don't know exactly where this is going, but I think I'll want to remember it". Becca smiled, and another kiss came, the novelty still a long way from wearing off.

"Me too," she said at last. "Now let's get back before anyone notices we're gone".

After that, as was so often the case, memories began to fade.

*031*2020-07-21 10:59

Becca had woken up next to Hannah more times than she could count, but this morning was on a whole other planet. She first became aware of her own consciousness as noon crept ever closer, the muffled sounds of traffic outside bringing her gently to her senses. Before anything else, Becca realised that she was sleeping in a different position to usual. Her hungover, aching body was sprawled out across the far side of the bed- Hannah's side. For the first time ever, both women were facing away from the wall. And to top it all off- wonderfully- Becca's right arm was draped over Hannah's side, the palm resting just below her left breast, holding her close. They could only have fallen asleep like this, cuddling, naked and natural. The thought of it made Becca's heart soar.

It didn't take long to figure out what had woken her up- her belly felt bloated, sticky, sore. They'd drunk a lot last night, she knew that much, and it wasn't surprising that her bowels and bladder needed emptying soon after waking up. But she held both urges in, completely unwilling to give up this glorious moment. Her fingers snuck to Hannah's stomach, and as she'd suspected, that also felt full and bulging. Becca sighed contentedly, deciding that it was best if she woke up Hannah the right way, rather than scrambling over each other to get to the toilet. She leant forward and kissed her friend- no, not her friend anymore, her girlfriend, for she was surely that now- on the neck. After a few silent seconds, Hannah's eyelids fluttered open and she smiled as Becca had smiled at the realisation of where she was and who she was with.

"Morning," Becca whispered. She slid her body up slightly, so their heads were on more level ground. This left Becca's crotch pressed up against Hannah's bare bum- an unintentional side effect, but one that she was more than happy with.

"Hey," Hannah said. "Did we...?"

"No," Becca reassured her quickly, "we just got home, made out a little and fell asleep".

"I'm not sure if that's a relief or a shame," Hannah said softly, "How's the hangover?"

"Mmmm, not too bad, actually," Becca sighed, "I need the toilet, though, for both things, but that's normal".

"Yeah, me too," Hannah said, "Just once I'd like to wake up after a night out and not need a poo,"

"You wanna go first?" Becca asked charitably. Hannah thought for a brief moment.

"Nah, I don't wanna get up yet," she said dismissively, "too comfy". To illustrate her point, she wiggled her bum naughtily, rubbing against Becca's thighs. At that moment Becca felt like the luckiest person alive. Her best friend, the woman she'd loved for a decade and lusted over for several years, was suddenly returning her sentiments- and it felt perfect. There was no awkwardness- perhaps because they already knew each other almost as well as two people could. It just fit, as though this was the puzzle piece their friendship had been missing for a long time.

"I'm too comfy as well," Becca agreed, "I'd like to just stay here all day. Maybe if I hug you tightly-" she squeezed her grip around Hannah's torso a little harder- "you won't be able to move". Hannah laughed her gorgeous laugh, and Becca melted.

"You can do that if you want, but you're the one who'll get farted on if you don't let me go," Hannah pointed out.

"I could live with that," Becca teased. Both girls laughed this time- it was infectious. Her belly growled and she sighed sadly. "I'm gonna have to get up," she conceded, "the bed will still be here in five minutes".

Hannah reluctantly swung her legs off the edge of the bed and stood slowly. "Yeah, I suppose. You first?"

Becca was relieved to find that she still didn't feel conscious pooping in front of Hannah. In sharp contrast to the ache of her stomach, it felt lovely when her bum finally relaxed and began to stretch as the first log slid out. It was a long one by her standards- there was no splash, just the sound of it slipping into the water all at once.

"So, how much do you remember?" Becca asked, trying to make conversation to distract them from the smell.

"Bits and pieces. I remember peeing in the alleyway," Hannah said slowly.

"Which time?"

"Are we doing this again?"

"Sorry. I couldn't resist," Becca said. The easy part of her poop had come and gone, and now she was forced to speak between grunts of effort to squeeze out the rest. Her elbows rested on her knees, eyes focusing on the floor between her feet. She felt bad for Hannah, who was visibly starting to squirm, but she needed to be empty before she felt safe getting up. As she pushed to evacuate her bowels, her bladder relaxed, sending a long, pale stream down and onto the pile that had gathered in the bowl.

"I remember being in the club. Fucking Don't Stop Believing came on again. Are you almost done?" Hannah asked, clearly struggling to keep her mind off the need to go. She was leaning against the sink, attempting to look casual, but it was clear that she was using the porcelain edge to keep pressure applied to her bum. The naked brunette was shifting from foot to foot as she spoke. Becca couldn't help feeling a little turned on by the view, but she knew she couldn't get bogged down in thinking about it.

"One more bit," Becca promised, "It's kind of half out". She pushed again, unable to stop herself from making a high grunting sound, but it wouldn't budge.

"Okay, Bex," Hannah teased, "but I hope you're ready to wipe standing up".

Becca spoke in a strained tone. "Fair enough. If I stop pushing it'll just get sucked back in," she said. Hannah laughed at that, eyes wide.

"Charming," she said, "thanks for that image".

"Sorry".

"Well, either push it out or pinch it off, babe, I'm desperate," Hannah said. As if to demonstrate that she wasn't exaggerating, a low, long fart slipped out of her. It stunk, but nobody minded- it was nothing compared to the scent coming from the toilet. "Look, squeeze my hand," she offered, taking Becca's hand in hers. It was a technique they'd tried a couple of times over the years to handle constipation, and it usually helped. Becca's grip was firm, and her eyes were shut tight as she bore down. The confirmation of success came with a small spattering sound as the log hit what was already in the bowl.

"Done!" Becca announced brightly. She wasted no time in stepping aside so Hannah could take her seat on the throne.

"About time, too, Bex. I was turtleheading," she grumbled. Almost the instant she sat down, her bum started to stretch open and a cascade of wee was released, " Perfect timing". Becca helpfully reached over just before Hannah began to unload and flushed the toilet quickly.

"Otherwise we're gonna overflow it," she explained.

"Good thinking," Hannah said as the first piece landed squarely in the settling water. She passed Becca a few sheets of paper, and the taller girl began the undignified process of wiping her bum standing up. She bent over at the waist, reaching between her thighs, inspecting each sheet after every wipe before dropping it into the gap between Hannah's legs. As she watched, one such piece was caught mid-fall by Hannah's stream of pee and stuck to the inside of the bowl.

When she was clean, Becca washed her hands for a few seconds and started to get some cheeky ideas. She turned, facing her butt towards Hannah, and bent over slightly under the pretence of checking her face in the bathroom mirror.

"You really think I'm not gonna notice that?" she heard Hannah behind her.

"Notice what?" she replied innocently, "just checking for spots,"

"Becca, in ten years you've never had a spot," Hannah pointed out, "you're just showing off your arse". She was finding it hard to talk normally through the feeling of a huge log forcing its way out, pushing through her stretched hole and into the water.

"Maybe".

"Don't think I won't squeeze it," Hannah warned.

"Go on," Becca dared her.

"Don't think I won't," she repeated.

"You don't have the guts," Becca sneered. No sooner had the words left her mouth than she felt a palm on each cheek of her bum. They were warm, soft hands- so unmistakably Hannah. She smiled to herself as the hands squeezed firmly and pulled away. In the mirror, she could see the image of Hannah starting to peel off some paper to wipe herself with.

"Never underestimate me again," she said.

"I won't, babe". She wiped her hands dry on the small towel Hannah kept by her sink and turned to face the other woman, who was already standing and flushing the toilet for a second time. She stepped agilely past Becca, taking her hand once again as she went.

"Let's go, Bex," she yawned.

"Where?"

"Back to bed, silly".

"Ooh".

Hannah slipped back between the sheets. They were gloriously warm compared to the chill of the room. She felt Becca join her.

"Now, where were we?".

*034*2020-07-22 23:30

Warning: This chapter contains sexual content. Like, lots of it.

###

The next morning...

Becca may have woken up next to Hannah more times than she could count, but doing it sober was something else.

Her eyes opened slowly, welcoming the dim light of the room. Covering the bottom part of her body was Hannah's wrinkled duvet, liquid sheets sliding over soft skin as she started to stir. The familiar feeling of nocturnal memories flooding back into the awakening mind washed over Becca- memories that she would hold with her for a long time to come. It had to be late in the morning, she was sure of it; they may not have been drunk like usual last night, but they'd been up just as late.

Content, Becca rolled over, and there she was: facing her, round breasts and curvy stomach exposed, propped up on one elbow. Gorgeous green irises shone through half-closed lids. Hannah was smiling a smile that Becca knew like the back of her hand. When she smiled, it was etched in every inch of her face, extending from the slim lips into dimpled cheeks and gleaming emerald eyes.

"Were you watching me sleep?" she asked.

"Yes," said Hannah.

"Perv," she laughed, secretly flattered. Hannah leant forward slowly to kiss her then, a gentle peck on the forehead that inevitably melted into something more passionate, mouths meeting, hair being brushed aside. When they broke apart, the brunette gazed fondly at Becca, lying down closer so both heads were on level ground.

"It's not my fault you're so cute," Hannah pointed out.

"Hm, that's only partly true," Becca mused, "I definitely wouldn't be wearing my hair like this if I didn't know I would be sleeping with my hot girlfriend last night".

Girlfriend. The word made Hannah shudder- in the best possible way. Was it really possible that they'd gone from best friends to lovers in such a short time? Surely it was, because that was undeniably what had happened. Last night had sealed the deal, put the outcome beyond a doubt. A line had been crossed in that bed, a line which neither woman wanted to come back from.

"Is that why you waxed your legs?" Hannah poked out her tongue.

"Don't get cheeky with me, Han, I'm not against withholding sex", she threatened.

"Hm, now that would be mean".

"Come and snuggle me and I'll let you off," Becca offered generously.

"Deal," Hannah said, "but I'm the little spoon this time". She spun over insubordinately and stuck her bum out, inviting Becca to slot into place behind her. Although Hannah was the larger of the two girls, she was also shorter, and fit perfectly around her girlfriend's frame. Impatiently, she wiggled into position and sighed as Becca's smooth right arm appeared over her waist. The palm instinctively cupped Hannah's larger left breast and rested there, squeezing occasionally, coming into contact with the firm shape of her nipple. Hannah felt a kiss on the back of her neck and gasped softly. "Don't be a tease, Bex," she said.

"I'm not," Becca said innocently, although the massaging motions of her right hand betrayed her, "I'm just cuddling my baby".

"Mmm, well it certainly feels like a tease. I'm not complaining".

"What did you want to do today?"

"You," Hannah replied instantly, and both girls laughed.

"Any other ideas, for when you've finished with me?"

"We could watch something? Or go into town? Maybe we could- Bex, that's definitely teasing!" Becca's hand, as it often tended to do, had started wondering along her lover's belly, away from the breasts and into far more sensitive territory.

"No it's not, babe," Becca protested, "I'm just..."

"Just what?"

"... checking for hygiene," Becca finished unconvincingly.

"Right. Well you might not want to check right now," Hannah said.

"Why not?"

"'Cos' I really need a wee," she confessed. The effect was subtle but immediate. Becca pulled even closer to Hannah, her breath quickening slightly. She didn't stop exploring between the shorter girl's thighs.

"Really?"

"Yes, babe, I always need a wee in the morning," she reminded her.

"I know that, but I didn't think it was an emergency," Becca explained, "what happens if I do-" she cheekily placed her palm flat against Hannah's lower stomach, right where Becca guessed the bladder was, and pushed for a moment- "this?". Hannah responded just as she'd hoped- squirming involuntarily, her bum driving even deeper into Becca's waist, rubbing against all the right places.

"Babe! That makes it worse, and you know it does," Hannah said, unable to make her faux anger sound believable. It was true: the pressure had made her already-strong need to use the bathroom grow even more pressing.

"Just wanted to see, Han". Becca nibbled playfully at the lobe of Hannah's left ear. She was greatly enjoying being in this position of power. Hannah needing to pee was a welcome, if unexpected, development: she knew that it gave her even more scope to tease and taunt before swooping in for her ultimate goal- the first morning sex of their fledgeling relationship. Whether Hannah knew that was the goal yet was anybody's guess, but it would become obvious soon enough. "In my experience, needing the loo can make things better, not worse". Becca wasn't sure if she should be exploring this particular avenue with Hannah just yet, but arousal was already getting the better of her, overriding her better judgement.

"What do you mean?" Hannah frowned. Fuck it, Becca thought, in for a penny, in for a pound. She decided to share.

"Well, whenever I've had sex with a full bladder, it's kind of made it feel... nicer," she said, unable to think of a better word.

"Nicer?"

"Let me show you," Becca asked. Hannah's thighs parted willingly, and Becca was surprised to feel something wet there that was certainly not urine. "And you said you didn't want to be teased!"

"It's your fault," Hannah grumbled- Becca could practically see her girlfriend's cheeks go the colour of beetroot. "You made it happen with all the touches and the squeezes and the neck kisses". She gasped as Becca entered her slowly, paused to take it all in, and finally added, "but I do see what you mean".

"Yeah?"

"Yeah. It's, like, more intense- ooh". Becca interrupted her with a well-aimed beckoning movement. "Full bladder definitely makes a difference," she concluded.

"Well, let's make the most of it," Becca urged. With gentle fingers, she used Hannah's pale shoulders to roll the girl onto her back, and took one pointed breast in her mouth. Hannah moaned quietly at the sensation- the tingles down her body that such a thing would usually cause were only made more electric by the weight of her morning pee still inside. But it was too much weight. Reluctantly, she opened her eyes again and told Becca to stop.

"Sorry, babe, it's too desperate. I can't hold it anymore, especially not with you doing your thing".

"Doesn't it feel good, though?"

"It- mhmm- it feels so bloody good, but I can't wee the bed, it'll ruin the sheets. I need the loo".

A huge part of Becca wanted to swing one knee over Hannah's waist, take control and tell her she had to hold it. But the more responsible side knew that today wasn't the day for that. It was too early in the relationship. So, reluctantly but understandingly, she backed off and let Hannah get up. She knew there were still ways she could have her fun.

When they reached the bathroom, Becca acted fast. She closed the lid of the toilet in one swift motion, stood up straight and pulled her naked, confused girlfriend into a hard kiss.

"What's going on here, then?" Hannah asked, clearly enjoying herself despite the feeling of uncertainty. Becca took her by the hand and led her into the shower cubicle.

"In here, you don't have to worry about ruining the bed," she explained, reaching over to turn on the hot water. The instant the warm jets hit Hannah, her knees buckled and she had to be caught by Becca, who instantly understood what had happened- just like her, Hannah had always been a woman who had to pee even worse when she got in the shower. They stood there, tightly embraced as two heads of hair grew soaking wet and stuck like plaster to their skin. The kiss began again, natural and pure- and while their tongues danced, Becca felt Hannah's fingers lock around her wrist and guide her hand back to where it had been on the bed. Her familiar motions elicited a groan of pleasure from Hannah, who broke away suddenly.

"Baby, I'm gonna wee myself soon," Hannah breathed.

"I know, my love," Becca assured her, "let it go".

"Don't you want to move your hand?" Hannah asked.

"No".

Becca kissed her again, harder this time, harder than they'd ever kissed before. Her free hand climbed up, up Hannah's body, past her slippery breasts, over her shoulder and onto the side of her face to rest. As the fingers at the end of the other arm continued to artfully, expertly work their magic, she became vaguely aware that it was no longer just shower water she was feeling run over her wrist. Even if the warmth of Hannah's pee hadn't told the tale, her response gave the game away: the brunette moaned loudly and her body relaxed once she began to release her aching morning bladder.

"It's coming- I can't stop it," she gasped into Becca's shoulder.

"I don't want you to, babe," Becca told her, "just let it all out- fuck, this is so good."

"No," Hannah said, "I didn't mean the wee..."

Seconds later, Becca felt it, too: her lover stiffened up all at once, her breath suddenly caught in her throat, her sex hot and tight. Hannah's climax was almost as big as the ones of the night before, but this one felt somehow more intimate, more personal. It had come at the end of one of the most private acts of a person's life, even if the sense of privacy between these two had long since evaporated. Becca held her as she came, and when the waves at last subsided, she finally left Hannah with a comfortable emptiness between her legs. For a while, nobody said a word. But it was Hannah who broke the silence.

"Wow".

"Good?" Becca asked, the first sign of nerves all morning setting in.

"Very fucking good," Hannah nodded vigorously, brushing drenched hair out of her eyes, "sorry I did a wee on your hand", she giggled.

Becca smiled shyly. "I wanted you to," she admitted. "Although I didn't expect to be doing that with you today..."

"Me neither, but we're definitely trying it again". Hannah took a step closer to Becca's body, placing one small hand on either hip, and their lips locked together again. Becca squealed in surprise as she felt a firm grip slide back to her bum and take hold of one cheek. She looked at Hannah with wide eyes, and her heart fluttered in excitement at the look of pure lust in the other girl's gaze. "Now, I think I should return the favour..."

*037*2020-07-25 11:20

Warning- this chapter contains plenty of messing. Enjoy!

###

There was nothing Becca hated more than being woken by the fire alarm in the middle of the night. The sheer noise of it pained her like an electric drill to the eardrums, leaving her lost, forced to scramble out of bed and fumble for something to wear, discombobulated. After half a dozen midnight alarms over the last sixteen months, Becca was on autopilot as she climbed into a pair of jeans and located a bra in the dark. This was not her first rodeo.

She glanced over her shoulder and there was Hannah, sitting on the edge of her three-quarter mattress, sleepily slipping on an oversized t-shirt. In the dark room, barely awake, she still looked beautiful. But Becca was distracted from the sight by a sharp pain in her belly. The two had been out for a meal earlier that evening, and hadn't touched a drop of alcohol. Must've been something I ate, she thought dully. Stomach aches and fire alarms weren't a good recipe for a stress-free night.

"What time is it?" Hannah asked in a drowsy voice. Becca reached on the table until she found her phone, flicked it on and flinched at the sudden light.

"Three-thirty," she announced, leaving the phone on her desk and hooking her bra on. Barefoot, she wrestled her feet into some trainers by the door and grabbed a top. By the time she was ready to head downstairs and face ten minutes in a freezing cold courtyard waiting for the alarm to stop, Hannah was already at the door. Even in her half-conscious state, Becca could read discomfort on the face of her girlfriend, who had one hand on her stomach.

"I already need a shit," she complained grumpily, "my belly's absolutely fucked".

"Yeah, me too," Becca said. She looked longingly at the toilet, knowing she'd have to wait to get on it. "It has to be something from the restaurant".

"Do we have time to poop up here and then go down?"

Becca sighed. "Not really, Han. If we're late outside someone might come looking for us," she pointed out. Hannah groaned, knowing she was right.

"i guess, but this had better be quick, 'cause I really gotta take a dump".

"Tell me about it," Becca said, opening the door.

Within a minute, they stumbled out into the busy courtyard, where dozens of irritable students were huddled together in the icy air. Hannah took Becca's hand and led her to the back of the group, twenty feet from anyone else.

"Why are we all the way over here?" Becca asked, confused.

"I really have to fart, and I don't want anyone else knowing," Hannah explained.

"Ah. Well, do it!"

"I just did".

Becca couldn't resist the urge to breathe in through her nostrils and immediately recoiled. "Jesus, Hannah, that stinks!" she whispered. Hannah snorted with laughter. "I'm supposed to be the one with the killer farts, mate".

"Not today," Hannah said smugly.

"We'll see about that," Becca shot back. She stopped talking but Hannah recognised the sound of her friend trying to push. Because Becca had to poop too, it didn't take long for a loud, rumbling fart to pop out of her butt and start wafting upwards.

"OK, yours was louder but mine smelt way more impressive," Hannah decided after a while, "and there's loads more where that came from," she farted again to prove it, and again produced a foul scent. Becca laughed and mimed fanning in front of her nose, before responding with another one of her own. "You don't have to keep pushing out farts just to beat me, Bex," Hannah teased.

"I'm not," Becca said proudly, "that one just slipped out".

"Oh really?"

"Really," Becca said, "They're coming out easy".

"Only because you have to shit," Hannah reminded her, "don't get too cocky. I'm still fart queen".

"Oh yeah? Prove it, babe," Becca taunted.

"I will," Hannah said confidently, and her voice became strained as their one-upmanship forced her to start digging for something louder than Becca had managed, "your pathetic butt won't know- oh, shit".

"What's up?" Becca turned for the first time away from the building and looked at her girlfriend. Hannah's face was a mask of panic, one hand clutching gracelessly at her bum. She looked at Becca with wide eyes.

"I might have just sharted," she whispered.

"No way".

"Yes way".

"You're winding me up," Becca said uncertainly.

"For God's sake, Bex, why would I lie about that? Just- look," she grabbed Becca's wrist and, before the taller girl could react, placed it on the seat of her jeans. They were warm- and undeniably squishy.

"Oh my God," Becca hissed, shocked. She would ordinarily burst out laughing at Hannah's misfortune- but Becca was desperate herself. In a few minutes that could easily be her. She took Hannah by her free hand, quietly leading her away from the group and towards the back of the courtyard. "Let's get you over here, yeah?"

Hannah still had one hand gripping her butt hard, but she turned away from the fence to hide her situation. Anyone who looked their way would likely see nothing more than two girls standing apart from the rest. "What exactly happened?" Becca asked kindly.

"I pushed a bit too hard," Hannah admitted, "and a bit just slipped out. Fuck, Bex, I still really need a poo".

"Me too, I'm absolutely bursting". Becca started to move side to side, shifting from her left foot to her right every couple of seconds. When she noticed Hannah staring, she explained. "This helps me hold it in".

"Does it?"

Becca thought about it. "No, not really," she confessed, "but it's better than standing still". The sound of the gate opening made both women jump as two members of site security bustled past and into the building. Neither seemed to notice that one of the girls in the corner had started to mess herself and the other one looked close to doing the same. "I really hope they're quick- how much longer can you hold it?"

"Two minutes, maybe," Hannah said, pale-faced, "you?"

"Five, tops," Becca admitted. Her stomach still cramped painfully, almost begging her to squat down and push it out, but she had to fight that instinct with every fibre of her being. Within minutes, they'd be able to re-enter the building- but Becca seriously doubted whether either of them could hold it in until they did.

"Please try not to smell it, Bex," Hannah said meekly. Her face was burning red, and she didn't seem able to make eye contact.

"Hun, you know I don't mind," Becca tried to reassure her, "I crapped my pants in front of you last week and you were nice about it".

"It's just... a bit different now. Now we're a thing".

"Why would that make it different? It's just an accident, Hannah, they happen to everyone. Hell, I'm gonna have one if we're not inside really soon".

Hannah managed a half-smile at this. "It would be nice if it wasn't just me," she said, "How's your stomach feeling?"

"Terrible, not going to lie. Yours?"

"Absolutely shite. I can't wait to just get it out."

Becca thought about this for a second. "You know," she began, "if you really need to, you could just..."

"Just what?"

"You could just finish going now," Becca finished. She could see Hannah open her mouth to protest, so she hastened to explain. "Your pants are already ruined, and nobody except me will know. It might make you feel better?"

"Jesus, Bex, I'm not gonna shit myself on purpose!"

"Think about it, babe. Are you gonna make it all the way up the stairs and back to the room? In your state?"

For just a moment, Hannah's determined stare met Becca's sympathetic eyes. But then the shorter girl backed off, looking defeated.

"No," she conceded finally. She doubled over as another wave of agony pulsed through her battered bowels, and her hair fell loosely in front of her face. Becca reached over and placed a comforting hand on the other girl's back. "Oh God, Bex, I can't hold it in anymore".

"Then don't," Becca told her softly, "just go and we'll sort it out later". She hated seeing Hannah in pain, but knew that she herself was in an equally urgent situation. She thought grimly that there would probably be two pairs of brown underwear to deal with by the time they got back to the room. Almost subconsciously, Becca realised that she was squirming. Her cheeks were clenched together as if they were holding back a dam full of hot water. All at once she understood that one of them was going to have to shit themselves. Only one could sit on the toilet at a time, and the other would surely lose control while they watched their girlfriend relieve themselves. It was selfish, she knew, but it made sense if that person was Hannah, because her panties were already soiled.

Hannah seemed to have reached the same conclusion. "At least if I go now, we won't have to fight over who gets the loo first," she said.

"You don't have to do that for me. I just meant- I just meant that it would be less pain for you".

"Also true. I just don't think I have it in me to poo my pants on purpose in front of you".

"Babe. I don't care, I promise. It's okay, if you wanna let go, let go," Becca said again.

"Ah, fuck," Hannah sighed, "It doesn't matter anyway".

"Why not?" But Becca already knew why not. She could hear it, the soft crackling, the barely-audible squelch of jeans being filled.

"Because it's coming out by itself," Hannah said, "shit, I can't-" she seemed unable to finish the sentence. Almost on autopilot, she bent her knees and squatted down as she finished pushing out the hot, loose mess into her underwear. Becca turned and looked away. "Oh God, I'm sorry, Bex," Hannah cried.

"No, babe, it's not that. Just- watching you poo makes me need a poo even worse," she explained.

"Ah, sorry- I'm almost done, hang on". Hannah grunted quietly as the last of it was forced out, then stood up. Becca turned back just in time to catch the other woman gingerly inspecting the damage with one hand.

"Is it bad?"

"Yeah, these knickers are getting chucked out. Feels so much better, though," she said, "with anyone else I'd be crying right now but it's hard to be embarrassed in front of you after last week".

"Mh, I know. If I'm gonna shit myself, I'm glad it's in front of you". Hannah laughed at that, which, considering her pants were filled with poop, Becca took as a win.

"How are you feeling?"

"Let's just say I'm glad you shit yourself first," Becca said.

"Why?"

"Because it won't be as bad when I do the same in a minute".

"Nah, don't worry, Bex. You'll make it- look, people are heading back in!" It was true; the alarm had shut off and the tired residents were beginning to funnel back into the building. Both women knew that they'd have to hang back so nobody noticed Hannah's accident, so they waited a few seconds before starting to move.

"Sorry if this is TMI, mate, but I'm touching cloth right now," Becca said, trying to make humour out of it.

"Seriously?"

"Yeah. I don't think I can get up the stairs like this".

"You have to try, babe. We're not far now," Hannah said. It was impressive how encouraging she was managing to be while waddling to keep the mess in her knickers in place.

But by the time they'd reached the bedroom door, Becca had resigned herself. "Nah, it's coming out," she declared, "we're too late." Hannah swung the door open, but even over the sound of the electronic lock beeping, she could hear a soft fart from Becca morphing into the crackle of a turd pushing itself out.

Becca stumbled into the room, black hair bouncing off her back, and fumbled with the button on her jeans. After a second, they were around her ankles, and Hannah saw beyond doubt that they really had been just a little too late. An huge tent had formed in the back of Becca's tight white pants, forced into shape by a growing, girthy log that stuck out like a tail. Hannah flicked on the light and, as she watched, the poop stretched as far out as the fabric would allow and instead started to curl, squishing into the skin of Becca's bum as another piece began to force itself out. A tiny moan escaped the taller girl's lips. An earthy, inimitable scent filled the small room.

Hannah slid off her jeans, which had failed miserably to stay clean, and stepped into the shower before removing her underwear. The mess was incredible. Becca joined her seconds later, gracelessly dumping the contents of her knickers into the toilet before sitting down to push out the remainder. She looked up at Hannah, who had started using the detached shower head to wash her thighs clean.

"I think we're gonna need some more plastic bags," she said dryly.

*042*2020-07-26 23:29

Just a short chapter this time! Thank you again for all the feedback, it's all very much appreciated.

###

Hannah was masturbating when the knock on the door came.

In her defence, Becca was away visiting her parents, and Hannah was bored out of her mind. She was also already very horny, which was slightly embarrassing seeing as her girlfriend had only been gone three days. But, most potently, the last thing she'd been expecting on that Thursday afternoon was a visitor. The combination of those three factors was what had led her to this: lying flat on her back on the bed, jeans and underwear forgotten in a pile on the floor, getting warmed up as images of Becca floated through her mind.

For whatever reason, Hannah found herself returning again and again to the memory of the taller woman's humiliating accident the week before, when the fire alarm and some dodgy food had forced her to empty her bowels into her underwear. Why this was turning Hannah on was a mystery to her- she wondered if it had something to do with the knickers Becca had been wearing at the time. Whatever the reason, it was proving worthy wanking material, and Hannah didn't feel like examining the meaning behind her mental pornography as she quickly settled into a sensitive circular rhythm.

No sooner than she had really gotten started, a sharp rap on the heavy door interrupted Hannah's session. She opened one eye, freezing up and silently thanking God that she was a compulsive door-locker. Hannah was reluctant to cut her fun so short- with any luck, it was someone who would go away in a second, but she wanted to be sure.

"Who is it?" Hannah called tentatively. Her hand didn't move from the slippery warmth of her crotch. Relief washed over her as a familiar voice repsonded.

"It's Alice," the voice said, "I need a favour".

Hannah sat up, grabbed a pair of gym shorts from her cupboard and yanked them on before opening the door. Alice was standing there, still wearing a McDonalds uniform, face flushed. And, unless Hannah was very much mistaken, the older girl was fidgeting.

"Can I use your loo?" she asked, "mine's getting repaired and I'm busting for a poo".

"Sure, come in," Hannah said quickly, stepping aside to let her desperate friend in, "you might as well leave the bathroom door open if you want company".

"You're a fucking lifesaver, Hannah," Alice sighed gratefully as she slid her trousers and pants down to her ankles, "if you weren't in I would've had to ask my ex, he lives across the hall".

Hannah snorted in derision. "I'd think I'd rather shit myself, if it was me," she said dismissively. Alice laughed at that, but it didn't come close to masking the sound of her bowels beginning to empty noisily into the bowl. "Wow- sounds like you got here just in time," she added.

"You have no idea," Alice said in a way that very much implied that there was a lot to tell. "Bloody hell, that feels so good. You know those ones which just stretch your bum out?" Hannah knew exactly what she meant- it was a full-up feeling that always reminded her of anal sex, and vice versa, but she decided not to tell Alice that last part.

"Well, we might be here a while, you may as well give me the full story," Hannah said. Alice stopped, squeezed her eyes shut and let out the most unladylike grunt imaginable as she started pushing out a second log. When the turd was halfway out, she started talking again.

"So, I just got off a six-hour shift. I get, like, half an hour in when my belly starts rumbling".

"Oh, no".

"Oh, yes. And my boss already hates me and she's really strict about bathroom time, so I couldn't fit in any more than, like, a tiny squirt of wee on my breaks".

"What a bitch!" Hannah said, feeling like it was an appropriate response at that stage of the story.

"I know! So I'm serving customers and trying to just do my job but all I can think about is getting off work so I can go home and have a massive poo. I did my last hour with my arsecheeks clenched," she laughed.

"Okay, so when did you find out your toilet was getting fixed?"

"Not until I got to my apartment. And by that point it's like, okay, if I don't find a loo soon I'm going to shit myself. But none of my flatmates were in, so I came here".

"Lucky I was home," Hannah commented.

"Very lucky. When I knocked on the door I was thirty seconds away from having an accident- look," she turned the inside of her underwear up to show Hannah: there was an obvious brown patch in the fabric. "I haven't had skidders like that in years".

"Glad I could be of service," Hannah said sincerely, "you've saved me and Becca a lot of trouble by letting us use your toilet".

"How are things with Becca?"

"Pretty great so far. I just don't want to lose the friendship we already had".

Alice tore off two sheets of toilet paper, folded them into one and took her first wipe. She held the soiled paper up for inspection before dropping it daintily into the bowl. "Believe me, Hannah, that's not worth worrying about. Go with the flow".

"Thanks," Hannah said. But she found that talking about the absent Becca made her sad and horny, so she changed the subject. "You know," she began wryly, "this is the first time I've seen you having a poo sober".

Alice burst out laughing at this. "You cheeky cow," she giggled, "I was bursting. But I suppose that's true. I can only apologise that you've had to see my bush twice". By now, she'd finished wiping, stood up and was buttoning up her work trousers.

"Nothing wrong with a nice bush," Hannah teased.

"Fine, well, I'm sorry you've had to smell my farts twice".

"I'm used to it at this point," she said, immediately paranoid that she'd hinted too much about her and Becca's recent accidents. Fortunately, Alice, who was washing her hands by now, didn't seem to pick up on it.

"Well, thank you so much," Alice said as she pulled in Hannah for a hug, "you've almost definitely just saved me from pooing myself".

"Don't mention it, mate".

"Next time you need somewhere to go in an emergency, you know where to find me," Alice told her.

"I will," Hannah said with a chuckle. Only once Alice had left the room did Hannah realise that the older woman had forgotten to flush. Surprised, Hannah went over to the toilet and was taken aback by what she saw. Alice wasn't skinny, but she also wasn't a big person- which made the sheer size of her dump quite remarkable to Hannah. There were three logs floating in the loo, each at least an inch thick and half a foot long. Hannah reached over to attempt a flush, but she expected it to block up at first, and got exactly that. With a sigh, she closed the lid, resolving to let the turds sit for a bit longer before trying again.

"Wow, Alice," she said to the empty room, "you weren't kidding when you said you were desperate". With the bedroom door safely locked again, Hannah slipped back out of her last-minute gym shorts and was excited to find that the symptoms of her previous arousal were still very much there. She flopped down on the bed, spreading out each limb and sliding back into the circular motions on her clitoris that had been so promising before Alice's urgent arrival. And when, once again, thoughts of Becca pushing a long, hard log into her knickers crept into her mind, Hannah didn't bother suppressing them.

*045*2020-07-27 20:49

{{2 minutes ago, Mrgala21 said:

I get more and more invested in this with each passing chapter. Simply an amazing story. Some of these chapters are personal fantasies of mine that ive had forever and didnt believe that I would ever see them put into words this well.

}}

Thank you! One of my aims was actually to write about some things that people fantasise about but rarely get written. Would it be rude to ask which ones? 

*049*2020-07-30 23:46

Wanted to experiment today! I really wanted to write some more of this story but I'm pressed for time- I didn't want to compromise on quality so I've decided to try something different, and probably for the first and last time. This is a chapter composed entirely of a text conversation between the two characters, to fill the gap between the last chapter and the next one.

###

Back x

Heya babe! Where'd you go?

Alice came round quickly

Alice? Why?

She needed a shit. I'll explain later x

Sounds like a story I'm gonna want to hear in person 

You're not wrong there, mate, it'll make a lot more sense in context

I hope so, because right now it just sounds like she fancied coming round yours to take a dump lmao

Nah, I'm not THAT popular 

Actually, speaking of needing a poo, I've had one brewing all day, I'm acc desperate

Ooh, really?

Yeah x haven't had time to go inbetween the trains... will be good to get to yours and unload heheh

Just don't clog it please, hun

I can't make any promises. Gonna be a big one 

No, I'm serious haha. I haven't been able to flush Alice's yet. She did three massive ones ffs

Aha! A benchmark to aim for!

No Bex, it's not a competition. Besides, I'd win if it was. I really have to go too... 

How bad? Maybe our bodies are just really in sync

I don't think there's anything in science that would support that x

Our periods have synced up since we were fourteen mate, it's the same principle

It's not the same fucking principle and you know it  and to answer your question, it's an 8/10 right now, i'm busting

Why haven't you been yet if it's that desperate? Naughty girl

Because I didn't realise I needed one until Alice had already clogged up the loo

Ahh. RIP

Not funny, Bex. You know when seeing someone else go just makes you realllllllllly need one as well?

Of course, hun, I've been having that exact experience with you for ten years!!!

This is true. Well by the time she was done I was busting. But if you need a shit too I'll just wait for you to get here x

Yay! Hope you don't mind letting me go first because you love me x

Hmmmmmm. Will I get a kiss?

Maybe. I'm only like twenty minutes away now

That's really good news

Why?

Because I'm almost turtleheading

Hahaha  only almost?

When you get here you can check

Oi! Kinky. Missed me???

Of course, babe. Can I tell you a secret?

Go on

I was about to get naughty thinking about you when Alice knocked on the door

Ooh. Naughty girl. You should've ignored her and carried on 

And let her poo her pants?

Why not? Either way only one of you gets some relief

Mmmm maybe. But now I can just wait until you're home to get my relief 

Welp you're gonna have to wait a little longer because priority numero uno when I get into yours is gonna be having a biggggggggg shit... I just did a silent but deadly and I think the man in front of me thinks it was the kid opposite, muahaha

Evil Becca! I'm doing plenty of loud farts instead. Jealous?

Very. Don't fill your panties yet though, I'm almost home.

Yet? 

Oi oi, you know what I meant Han. What were you thinking of before Alice rocked up?



Go onnnnnnnn xxx

Not telling

If you tell me I'll let you poo first

Ooh. I'm not really in a position to turn that down.

Muahaha

Well played, Bex. OK, if you must know, I was thinking about that thing you did with your tongue the other night...

Ooh, that was fun. Anything else?

Nuh uh!

You sure, lil baby?

I'm sure

You can tell me xxx

How close are you? I'm really desperate for a poo and I think I need a wee as well. Might just go without you 

Don't you dare! But yeah now you mention it I just realised I defo need a piss too. I'm probably less than ten minutes away. Can you hold it that long?

Yeah, think so. But the room will stink of farts by the time you get here. Can you hold 2?

Yessssss. And I don't mind the farts heheh. I'm making plenty of lil smells myself

Cutie  now hurry up and get your booty in here before i shit myself for like the third time this month

Easy for you to say! You're right by the loo. I've gotta waddle all the way up the stairs and keep it clenched in

I'll make it worth the wait once we're both empty

You'd better, cutie x I'm at the bus stop now. Any advice?

Yeah, when you poo your panties, try and keep it contained or it'll fall out the bottom of your trousers 

Trousers? I'm in a dress haha. Gonna focus on walking now though- c you in five!

Good luck! See you soon, and hurry because i think i'm touching cloth down there haha

You and me both babe  talk soon x

###

*051*2020-08-04 22:23

###

Hannah was beyond desperate by the time a knocking came at her bedroom door. She stood quickly, feeling the fullness of her butt as a first log sat heavily, impatiently waiting to slide out. The first sight to greet her was Becca's gorgeous grin on the other side of the door. Without a word, the taller girl stepped inside and took Hannah in her arms. Their lips locked for a passionate moment, and Hannah felt as though missing a part of her body had just returned. When they broke apart, she could get a closer look at her girlfriend, and in those few brief seconds the telltale signs of desperation were quite plain to see. Becca was a long way from relaxed, her legs pressed firmly together, knees bent subtly. She waited for the door to close before she spoke.

"I missed you," she said breathlessly.

"You too," Hannah said back, meaning it.

"I'm busting here. What's the toilet situation?"

"Come and see for yourself," Hannah told her, stepping into the bathroom and opening the lid. Instantly a stench filled the room. Becca looked down in wide-eyed amazement at the mess that Alice had deposited. At first glance, one would be forgiven for thinking that there was no water in the bowl at all.

"She just did that and left?" Becca whispered in shock.

"Yeah, and it won't flush- look," Hannah reached over to push the silver lever and, as predicted, got nothing for her trouble. The toilet simply gargled weakly, and the load barely budged.

"Crap. Do you think we should risk it?" Becca asked, clearly hoping the answer would be yes.

"I don't know, Bex, I really don't want to have to call maintenance". The only maintenance guy in their building was a middle-aged, slightly creepy dude who barely spoke to any of the students. The genius of this hire was that it motivated the tenants even further not to break anything in their flats- but in times like these it created more problems than it solved.

"Okay, I see your point, but I really fucking need a poo," Becca said, dancing vigorously on the spot as if to illustrate her point.

"Alright, okay... how about we hold it as long as we can and then if Alice's still won't flush we just accept that the toilet's getting blocked?"

"Deal".

For the second time, Hannah looked her friend up and down and was struck by how beautiful she was even in this most embarrassing of times. Becca's long, braided black hair bounced up and down on her back as she jiggled frantically. Her breasts shook loosely beneath a thin red dress with every movement. It was pretty clear to Hannah that the taller girl had dressed to impress, perhaps with some welcome-home sex in mind, and hadn't expected this desperate twist at all.

"You look great, babe," Hannah said, trying- perhaps hoping- to change the topic.

"Why, thank you, Han. I was hoping you'd rip this dress off me when I got in, but then... you know, this happened".

"Why should that stop me from ripping that dress off you?" Hannah teased, stepping closer.

"Mm, perhaps because if you try anything naughty on me right now I will poo myself," Becca pointed out.

"Ooh," Hannah said lightly, "that's tempting".

"I never know if you're being serious or not".

"Me neither". Hannah lent in and kissed her once more. When they broke apart, it was clear that Becca had a question on her mind.

"What were you thinking about earlier?", she asked, but Hannah shot her a confused look. "Earlier, you said you were wanking thinking about me, but when I asked what you were thinking about you changed the subject".

"Oh, that. It doesn't matter," Hannah said quickly, but she felt her cheeks blush, giving the game away. Becca looked at her seriously.

"I'm going to wait until you tell me, babe, and if I feel like you're lying I'll tickle you until you can't hold it," she warned.

"You wouldn't," Hannah whispered, but the look in Becca's eyes told her she was dead serious.

"You know I won't judge you, Han," she cooed, sliding her hands down to Hannah's hips as if to hold her in place. For a second, she could see Hannah's brain working, trying to figure out if she should open up or not. Finally, she opened her mouth.

"Okay, I'll tell you, but I swear you're going to regret asking," Hannah said. Becca shook her head vigorously.

"Don't be silly. I love you, Han".

Hannah sighed.

"Okay, here it is. Earlier- and I was really horny and it probably doesn't mean anything- I was thinking about the other night," she confessed. She wanted to back out, wanted to run away, but it was too late.

"What other night?"

"The night when you shit your pants," Hannah said bluntly.

###

