The New Deterrent

Author: nononono

*007*2021-04-10 22:52

Chapter V - The Abduction

One Year, Six Months and Four Days later

It was just after 10pm, and Kayla-098 had barely moved. She was still sat on her floor, still completely naked. No more tears flowed, she had spent pretty much the last three hours wailing, lamenting how tragic her life had become. Her depression had reached a point where she couldn't even move herself to go and shower. Kayla-098 felt the familiar sensation of needing to pee. Instead of bottling it up, she just relaxed and let go, as a jet of pee steadily left her naked body. There was no way she could face another week of bladder pains, another week of wondering what long term effects this holding was going to have. She was going to work out a plan to take down The Leaders, but that would have to wait till tomorrow. Her floor was still absolutely soaked with wee, but she just didn't have the strength to deal with it now. Tonight, she will sleep. Tomorrow, she will run. But first, she really did stink of piss.

As the shower water hit her body, Kayla-098 felt better almost immediately. Slowly, she massaged her whole body with the block of soap she was provided, as gradually, the smell of pee began to disappear. For the first time in two years, she almost felt normal. Her bladder was empty, her body was clean. Feeling cleansed, she switched the shower off. Stepping out, she grabbed her white towel, and began to dry herself. Suppose I'll have to tidy up the mess out there too, she thought to herself. Wrapping the towel round her waist, exposing her small yet perky breasts, she exited the bathroom.

"FUCK!" she yelled, as a figure wearing all black grabbed her from behind. A second figure grabbed her legs, causing her towel to fall off and expose her bare pussy in the process. The first figure injected her neck with a needle, and with that, Kayla-098 would remember nothing else from that night.

###

What the fuck is going on? Kayla-098 finally came too, almost seventeen hours after her flat was broken into. Not that she remembered any of that. How did I get here? She looked around, trying to work out where she was. She was freezing, no surprise as she was still completely naked, lying on a red sofa. There were no windows in the room she was in, just brown brick walls and a dim light. As she tried to sit up, she felt a strong ache in her abdomen. Once again, she was absolutely gasping for the toilet.

As her eyes darted round desperately to see if she could see a loo, a blonde woman floated towards her. She wore a black jumpsuit, and gave off the authority of someone she didn't want to mess with. Kayla-098 felt self-conscious all of a sudden, and she moved her hands to cover her pussy, not just to help ease her dire need for a toilet, but also because she felt strangely embarrassed about her unshaven pussy. After all, she hadn't had anything close to a boyfriend for over two years, so why would she waste her time?

"Kayla-098, we meet at last," the mysterious woman introduced herself, stretching out her hand. Kayla-098 gave her an odd look, before lifting up her right hand for the handshake out of politeness.

"Erm hi. Not to be rude but who are you?" Kayla-098 asked.

"Not important. So.... you've had quite a ride of it the last two years. Bet you'll never choose a pint over a toilet again eh?" she raised an eyebrow.

"Yeah. Speaking of which, where is your..." Kayla-098 crossed her legs tightly, before she was interrupted.

"And now you've been given one of these impossible punishments by The Leaders, which are somehow better than a stretch in prison. Even though back in the old days, public urination would get you a small fine at most," she shook her head at this.

"Sure. Seriously I really need to..." Kayla-098's back teeth were floating at this point.

"So you're probably wondering what's going on?" she asked, making direct eye contact.

Well yes, but I'm also wondering if you'll let me go to the toilet, or if I'm going to have to soak this sofa. "Sure."

"We are leading a resistance, against The Leaders. We collect people who like you, have been given these punishments, and who have reached the point where they have no choice but to rebel. We live underground, away from surveillance, away from their control."

"So we're safe here?" Kayla-098 asked, ignoring her throbbing bladder.

"Well we are so far. Of course, they will notice you've disappeared, and they will start to look for you. But we've been doing this for two years, and they've never found any of us," she replied.

"Does this mean I can pee whenever I want? Because I could really do with using the loo right now?" Kayla-098 dug her fists into her pussy.

"Of course, but first let me introduce you to the others," she gestured for her to stand up.

Just let me wee you psychopath, Kayla-098 thought to herself. Nonetheless, this was still a much better set up than before.

"You may recognise Dave-232 and Amelia-093 from earlier," she pointed towards a tall, rugged dark skinned man with short black hair, and a much shorter woman with distinctive pink hair.

"Sorry about that, nothing personal. But it's the only way to get you here without alerting The Leaders," Amelia-093 sheepishly responded. Kayla-098 just nodded awkwardly, legs twisted, and very aware of her nakedness.

"Amelia-093 forgot to pay her bus ticket once, so she was banned from using any transport for a year. She worked 15 miles away from the city," the mysterious woman explained. "And Dave-232 was caught smoking in a non-smoking area, so they filled his home with smoke for six months."

"Could barely breathe, still get coughing fits all the time," Dave-232 morosely added.

Kayla-098 glanced at him sympathetically, but truthfully, her bursting bladder was making it hard for her to concentrate. She winced as she heard the toilet flush, and again when she heard the tap come on. As Kayla-098 saw the guy leaving the bathroom, she was immediately floored by his bone structure, his cheesy smile, and his luscious brown hair. Once again, she covered her pussy, embarrassed that this was his first encounter with her. Why didn't I shave? He doesn't want to see my scraggly pubes. She tried her best to look sexy, but it was difficult to do when it felt like she had a small ocean in her bladder.

"And this is Ben-201. Now he was a very naughty boy! Got caught fucking his partner in a park, so they banned him from any form of sex for a year. Poor fucker wasn't even allowed to wank."

"Oh my. Is your partner here with you?" Kayla-098 asked, feigning innocence.

"Not quite. We split up shortly after. Turns out without sex, we didn't really have much compatibility," Ben-201 spoke with a soft Irish accent.

"Oh I'm sorry to hear that." Kayla-098 wanted to speak to this guy more, but her bladder was at capacity. "Please, I beg you to let me use the loo!" she turned towards the mysterious woman. Before she could answer, Kayla-098 dashed into the toilet. She was pretty sure a few drops of pee came out as she ran, but now sat on the toilet, she let herself go. She loudly sighed with relief as her torrent of pee exploded into the bowl. 17 hours worth of urine all exiting her body at one. Her relief was so much she didn't notice someone banging on the door from the other side. Minutes later, as she grabbed some loo paper to wipe herself, she heard a soft voice from outside.

"Oh no, not again," a plaintive voice cried.

Kayla-098 opened the door to see a distraught looking woman, hiding her face in embarrassment as her crotch slowly became damp with her own piss. The lack of expression from the others suggested this was a common occurrence, and even with the toilet free, this woman made no attempt to go and preserve her dignity. For the first time today, Kayla-098 didn't feel like the most embarrassed in the room, amazing given she'd been introduced to a load of strangers with her tits and vagina fully on display. The mysterious woman intervened at some point.

"And finally, Kayla-098, this is my girlfriend, Zagartha-032. I think you two will have a lot to talk about..."

*008*2021-04-12 14:35

Chapter VI - The Plan

Kayla-098 screamed in ecstasy. "Oh fuck, that feels so good!" It hadn't taken her long to get acquainted with Ben-201. She hadn't even had time to trim her pubic hair yet. Not that Ben-201 seemed to mind. He slowly pulled his cock from out of Kayla-098's pussy, and lay down again. It had been a while since anyone had made him feel that way. Ben-201 had been underground for two weeks now, and after eight months before that where he was banned from any form of cumming, his desire for sex was in overdrive. And while Kayla-098 had been able to deal with her own desires, it had still been a while since anyone had fucked her.

"Thank you," Ben-201 broke the silence, starting to put his boxers back on.

"Believe me, the pleasure is all mine," Kayla-098 looked at him playfully, sliding into the plain white panties which had been found for her. "I'm just going to go for a wee."

"Hurry back!" Ben-201 shouted.

Kayla-098 put Ben-201's black dressing gown and made her way to the loo. She kept thinking about how great the sex was, feeling Ben-201's soft kisses on her neck, his hands making their way up her inner thighs, his mouth sucking her clit. Hopefully he'll be up for round 2 in a few minutes. But Kayla-098 knew the golden rule of peeing after sex. After finally being able to have a normal pee schedule, the last thing she needed was a UTI. Opening to the door to the bathroom, she was greeted by Zagartha-032 crying next to the bath, comforted by her girlfriend.

"Oh sorry! I can come back later?" Kayla-098 offered, noticing another wet patch on the crotch of her blue jumpsuit.

"No, no, it's okay, come in," her girlfriend gestured. Kayla-098 wanted to pee, but she felt that she should go and comfort Zagartha-032 first.

"Hey, erm I know we've not met properly, but just know you have no need to be embarassed. However many times you've pissed yourself, I bet you I've pissed myself more!" Kayla-098 offered a half hearted smile.

"At least you can control it though," Zagartha-032 answered.

Her girlfriend interrupted "Zagartha-032 used to work for The Leaders." Kayla-098 immediately felt her anger raise as they were mentioned. "I didn't see her for a year, they weren't allowed any contact whatsoever, it was fucking horrible. They had these big parties every weekend, and we were meant to be going to one together, the first time we would have seen each other in a year. But about an hour before, I get a message from The Leaders, telling me that I would not be able to attend as Zagartha-032 had broken the rules.

I still have no idea what she did, but a month later, I found her wondering around the street, naked, and with no idea of any of the events which had happened since The Takeover. I managed to get her to remember me eventually, but that took months and months. We had to move underground, as The Leaders ruled that Zagartha-032 was staying with me illegally. But I couldn't leave her by herself, she needed so much care at the start. And now, everything else is normal, except she still doesn't remember anything about The Leaders."

"That, and my bladder doesn't work properly. I don't realise that I need to toilet until I'm absolutely bursting, cannot hold a drop more liquid in. We've tried everything, but if I try and pee whilst my bladder is only half full, nothing comes out," Zagartha-032 added.

"We can't go to the doctors, because they'll turn us over to The Leaders straight away if they find out we've been living off grid. As far as they're concerned, everyone down her is missing, presumed dead," her girlfriend explained.

"But there's surveillance everywhere. How do they not find you?" Kayla-098 asked.

"Amelia-093 is a computer genius, she's managed to find a way to interfere with the surveillance, but it normally only lasts about twenty minutes, and they make is harder to hack every time. Without her, this whole thing wouldn't be possible," Zagartha-032 replied.

"So what's the point? Why are we all here?" Kayla-098 was getting increasingly frustrated.

"We want to take down The Leaders, more than anything. Zagartha-032 has been on the inside, if we can somehow unlock those memories from her, then we can find out what we need to infiltrate the inner ring. And we believe you're the last piece of the puzzle."

"Why me though?" Kayla-098 asked, confusedly.

"As far as we can work out, Zagartha-032 was punished in a similar way to you, for either public urination, or maybe she wet herself. I imagine the life of the Leaders doesn't offer much opportunity for bathroom breaks. If you can somehow find out what happened, then she may remember other things, and help us infiltrate the inner ring. It's worth a shot."

Kayla-098 nodded her head in agreement, but her bladder sent her a friendly reminder that it required relief. "Now if you don't mind..."

Zagartha-032 and her girlfriend took the hint and started to leave the room - "Have fun with Ben-201," Zagartha-032's girlfriend winked as she said this. Kayla-098 could barely hide her smile, as she finally got to urinate. And in a few minutes, she'd be back in bed for some more fun.

*009*2021-04-13 16:04

Chapter VII - The Prisoner

Drip drop drip drop. The prisoner winced as the pipes above her started leaking again. She lay on the bed, handcuffed to the headboard, as she was for twenty three hours of the day. She had no idea how long she'd been in this dingy basement, starved of sunlight and companionship. She never thought she'd miss working at the warehouse, spending her days putting labels on beer bottles. Now, the highlight of her day was being able to go to the toilet in the bucket, and eat a lumpy serving of porridge, served with tepid water. Taking another sip of water from the glass on the table next to her, she cursed herself. You idiot, you already have to pee, don't make it worse.

Her internal clock was never that good, and time moved much more slowly down here. She reckoned she had anywhere between two hours and six hours before she was untied again. She'd already had to relieve herself on the floor earlier, and since the room already stank of stale urine, it barely made a difference. The mattress of the bed was new, after the smell from her old mattress had become so unbearable, even her captor couldn't stand it anymore. And she was desperate to avoid pissing on it for as long as possible. The problem was, when you had nothing else to occupy your mind, it was hard to be distracted once your bladder starts to fill.

One Year, Six Months and Five Days earlier

Alina-382 washed off the last of the shaving foam, as she finished grooming her pussy. After a year without seeing her girlfriend, she was so ready for a night of alcohol and sex. She'd already planned it out. Once she got to the 113th floor, they'd go straight to the rooms, fuck, shower, have drinks, get some dinner, fuck again, have some more drinks, go in the pool (maybe fuck), and if they still had energy, a final fuck before bed. She was so proud of Zagartha, who had worked so hard all year, and now had a job in the inner ring. Maybe Alina-382's life of monotony on the warehouse floor was about to be over.

Alina-382 wore a slim turquoise bodysuit, which showed off her cleavage perfectly, her favourite pair of lacy red panties, and some high heels which added a good few inches to her height. The Leaders had been kind enough to allow her to get some new clothes for the party, and after a year of wearing the same blue overalls every day, she was relieved. Right, must go to the loo before the transport comes, she thought. "Need a wee, need a wee, need a wee..." she sang to herself as she made her way to the bathroom. As soon as she shut the door, she heard a knock on the door. Should probably let them in first, don't want them to think I'm not here, she reasoned. To her bladder's dismay, she went to answer the door, to be greeted by a bald middle aged man, dressed in a black suit, and wearing dark sunglasses.

"Here to take you to the 113th floor, madam," the man explained, in a semi robotic tone.

"Oh lovely, do you mind if I pop to the loo quickly? Haven't had a chance to go all afternoon," Alina-382 crossed her legs together as she said this.

"There's no time. The gates to the 113th floor shut at 6pm sharp," he answered, to a look of horror from Alina-382. But she was a big girl, and would be able to hold it another forty minutes longer.

"Okay, I'll just grab my bag then," Alina-382 ignored the desires of her body, grabbed her pink suitcase and headed out the door. The accommodation was a black taxi, like they used to drive in London years ago. Now, taxis had become a symbol of the rich and powerful, and Alina-382 was high key excited to be riding in one for the first time.

"Champagne?" her driver asked, as she buckled her seatbelt.

"Ooh yes please," Alina-382 replied, ignoring her increasing desperation for the toilet. As she heard the champagne trickle into the glass, she pressed her thighs together, hoping that there were toilets close to the entrance.

###

Half an hour later, Alina-382 had made her way through three glasses of champagne, and was feeling it. Loosening her belt for temporary relief, she was still absolutely desperate to use the toilet.

"How long have we got? I'm dying for a wee back here," Alina-382 asked through gritted teeth.

"Only ten minutes or so," he replied. He kept glancing at his rear view mirror, to the point where Alina-382 was convinced he was enjoying it.

"Is there really nowhere we can stop? I can't guarantee these seats will stay dry," Alina-382 cried.

"Not if you want to go to the party," he answered, "and if you get a drop of piss on those seats, then you'll be out of here quicker than you can say 'Floor 113'," her curtly added.

Alina-382 nodded, and dug her hands deeper into her crotch. She wasn't exactly known for her mammoth bladder, but this felt like a different level. She'd not been this bursting to go since she flew to Australia for her gap year seven years ago. She'd always been squeamish about using public toilets, especially plane ones. She tried to hold it for the whole fourteen hour flight, and whilst she nearly made it, a queue at the loos in Sydney Airport meant she could hold on no longer, and she wet herself at the tender age of 18. After what felt like a lifetime of holding, they arrived at the reception.

"Hello, we have Alina-382 here, guest of Zagartha, here for tonight's party," her driver spoke through the intercom. Alina-382 gasped as a slither of pee escaped her burning urethra, and into the crotch of her lacy panties.

"Erm, can you just come through here a second sir?" the lady behind the intercom asked.

"Sure thing. You wait here, I'll be right back," he looked at her beetroot red face, "and you'd better not piss in here."

With the driver out of sight, Alina-382 abandoned all social convention, crossing her legs tightly, and digging her hands up against her peehole. She felt like her bladder was about to explode any moment. She didn't care about seeing Zagartha any more, she just wanted to relieve herself, anywhere. She frantically looked round for a container she could pee in. There was only one champagne glass, and it would probably only hold about 1/16 of the urine she had stored up. As another drop of wee leaked out, Alina-382 heard the car door open again. Finally! She could hold it for the next few minutes.

Noticing that her bald middle aged driver had been replaced by a middle aged woman with long blonde hair, Alina-382 looked puzzledly at the driver. "Mike-912 had to pop out, there's been a slight change of plan," she answered, reversing away from reception.

"What does that mean?" Alina-382 asked, now frightened, as she saw Mike-912 running after them, shouting swear words at the new driver.

"You'll find out," she replied, and before Alina-382 could respond, she grabbed a needle from her handbag, and stabbed her full bladdered passenger in the neck. Lying unconscious in the back seat of the taxi, Alina-382's bladder finally gave up. The crotch of her turquoise body suit slowly began to darken, whilst rivers of urine ran down her leg, and down into her shoes and the footwell of the taxi. Despite being unconscious, Alina-382 looked visibly relieved as the desperate pressure in her bladder subsided, and eventually, it was empty once more. In twelve hours, Alina-382 would wake up confused, smelly and terrified, but for now, she was blissfully unaware of the hell her life was about to turn into.

*011*2021-04-13 21:32

Chapter VIII - The Forgotten One

Alina-382's eyes slowly opened, twelve hours after they last shut. Her head was pounding, her bladder throbbing. What the fuck is going on? Trying to move, she realised her left hand was handcuffed to a bed frame. Uh oh. This was bad. She wrinkled her nose at the fowl stench of urine; looking down, she realised that she must have wet herself, as there was still a faint wet patch on her bodysuit. Alina-382 overheard a loud clunk. The same woman who hijacked the car walked in.

"Hello Alina-382, you must have lots of questions!" the woman asked, sounding very casual for someone who just did a kidnap.

"What the - where am I?" Alina-382 struggled to get her words out.

"I'm afraid you're going to have to get used to this. Think of it as a little holiday. Except you're never going to leave," she replied.

Alina-382's heart rate increased ten fold "What do you mean, why are you doing this?" she cried. "Where's Zagartha, I want to see her!"

"Unfortunately Zagartha rather disgraced herself today, and so she is no longer considered part of the inner circle," Alina-382 felt a feeling of dread overcome her, she'd heard rumours about what happens if you get evicted from the inner circle.

"But she's okay? Please I have to know!" she begged, as her need for answers became more pressing than her need to use the loo.

"Oh she will be. They'll wipe her memory, probably dump her in some random place, and then I'll be there to look after her," the woman replied.

"What the fuck? Why you? What's going on? This has to be a bad dream," Alina-382 was getting increasingly frantic.

"I'll keep it simple. I want to get into the inner ring. And what better way to do that than to harvest secrets from someone who used to be there," the woman had an unsettling smile throughout the whole conversation.

"But I thought you said they'll wipe her memory?" replied Alina-382 struggling to make any sense of this.

"They will. But memory wipes won't last for ever. Certain things will trigger memory recall, and then all the inner ring secrets will be mine!"

"Wait wait, but she's going to remember me then surely? And we don't exactly look the same," Alina-382 was getting increasingly agitated, not helped by her full bladder.

"Don't worry dear, I've got that all covered. The memory wipe they give her will be pretty comprehensive, and when she starts to re-remember, her previous memories will be shaped by what she thinks is true. So as long as I keep saying I'm Alina-382, and I can get enough information about your relationship from you, that won't be an issue."

"And what the fuck makes you think I'm going to give you any information?" Alina-382 asked, now so desperate for a pee she was started to sweat.

"Oh trust me, I will. Do you want to use the toilet?" her captor asked.

Alina-382 was confused, that seemed an oddly compassionate thing for someone who had just imprisoned her to say. She felt it was a trap, but with her bladder about to explode, she blurted out: "YES!"

"Very good. Well I just need a tiny bit of information. When did you start dating?" she asked, tablet at the ready to make notes.

"Fuck you, I'm not telling you anything you cunt," Alina-382 snapped.

"Well language like that won't get you very far, will it. Tell you what, I've not been for a wee in ages. If you don't want to use the toilet, then I suppose I may as well take advantage." And with that, her captor pulled her trousers and knickers down, planted her bum on the seat and let go. "Ahhhhhhh that is bliss," she moaned, as Alina-382 did everything to try and block the sound out. Her tired bladder started to wilt, and as Alina-382 felt her crotch dampen again, she did everything she could to stop it, jamming her peehole shut with both hands. Eventually, her captor finished. Wiping her pussy, she remarked "Sorry about that, I really was busting!" Noticing Alina-382's predicament, she added "There will be punishments if you pee yourself."

"Okay okay. We started dating on 17th April, 1 BTT (Before The Takeover), now please let me piss," she begged, feeling another jet of hot urine dampen her bodysuit.

"Very good," she replied, releasing the handcuffs. Alina-382 wondered if she could run for it, but the door looked pretty tightly shut. Plus she didn't think she'd be able to run in her condition. Being so close to the toilet was torturous, and as she tried to pull her zip down, her resolve was quickly disappearing. She was more or less wetting herself by the time she pulled her body suit down to her waist, but she was able to waddle to the toilet just about. Pulling her panties aside to reveal her shaved pussy, the rest of her piss gushed into the bowl. Alina-382 loudly moaned, whilst her captor showed no signs of being embarrassed by the tsunami of pee making its way into the toilet.

"See, we can work together on this one. You keep giving me information, and I'll make your life down here as comfortable as possible! Good night," her captor jokingly blew her a kiss, as she turned the light off and locked the steel door behind her.

One Year, Six Months and Five Days later

It hadn't been too bad at the start. Alina-382 would reluctantly share information with her captor, and in turn, she'd be allowed to use the toilet whenever she wanted, and enjoy her cell without the need for handcuffs. Sometimes her captor would even treat her to a nice meal and some TV. However once Zagartha-032 showed up, her captor found that she'd found out all the information she needed. Gradually, visits to her cell became less and less, Alina-382 was getting less food, and was becoming increasingly stir crazy without any fresh air or natural light. After a fateful night where Alina-382 managed to escape her cell, only for guards to find her immediately, her captor was not willing to take any more chances, and so she was consigned to 23 hours handcuffed to the bed. Alina-382 had no idea when that was. She'd guess maybe six months ago, but she couldn't be sure.

The urge to pee became insurmountable once more. Unbuttoning her grey overalls was difficult with one hand handcuffed to the bed. Eventually, she managed to strip down to just her knickers and bra. Sliding her already piss stained white panties off, she released her bladder on the floor, lying on the edge of the mattress, being sure to avoid getting any on the mattress. As she heard the keys jangle, she instinctively rolled away from the edge. She tried her best to halt the flow as her captor walked towards her, but her bladder was nowhere near empty, and her pelvic floor could no longer hold back the tide. Her wee pooled round her naked bum, soaking the mattress through.

"Well that went well for you, didn't it," her captor replied. Alina-382 just glared at her. Everyday, she kept herself sane by imagining increasingly more painful ways of torturing her. "You won't be getting a new one. And since you clearly don't need clothes, you no longer will have clothes."

Alina-382's eyes widened, it was cold enough in the cell with clothes, let alone without them. "Can you just kill me instead? You don't need me anymore, and I just can't do this anymore." It was the first time she'd spoken to her captor in two to four months.

"I could never kill someone. Torment, yes, but killing is crossing a line," she replied, showing more compassion than she had done for a while.

"Well let me go then. You can wipe my memory, whatever, I just can't do this anymore," Alina-382 begged.

"Now you know I can't risk that. I'm afraid you're here forever sweetheart," her captor blew her a kiss. "Got to go now, it's mine and Zagartha-032's anniversary today."

Alina-382 tried to lunge at her, but the handcuffs stopped her. Now alone in her cell, she was beyond the point of wanting to torture her captor. As soon as she escaped, she was going to kill her.

*013*2021-04-27 21:06

Chapter IX - The Breakthrough

Two Weeks Later

A fortnight into Kayla-098's time at the hideout, and things could hardly be going better. She and Ben-201 were fucking every day, sometimes twice, sometimes thrice. The bladder pain which had plagued her for the last two years was finally gone, and she felt she could drink normal amounts of liquid without worrying about what affect it would have on her. Her life finally felt back on track.

She'd also built up a strong friendship with Zagaratha-032. They'd regularly spend evenings discussing various stories about their bladder trauma, usually after another one of Zagartha-032's accidents. They would sit in the kitchen together with a cup of tea, and spend the hours comforting each other, sometimes crying together about the pain which had been inflicted on their lives. Kayla-098 was still unsure about her girlfriend, who eventually identified herself as Alina-382. But there was something weird about her. Sometimes it felt as though she was hiding something. Maybe that was just the paranoia which was all too common since The Takeover. Once again, her and Zagartha-032 sat round the table, Zagartha-032 in a piss soaked tracksuit, Kayla-098 sorting out the teas.

"There you go Zag," Kayla-098 handed her a mug of hot tea, one sugar, tiny drop of milk.

"Thank you Kay, sorry you always have to deal with me like this," Zagartha-032 replied. She didn't cry when it happened any more, she knew that there was no judgement at all from her friend.

"Right, I suppose I owe you another story then," Kayla-098 sighed. "So this one takes place about a week after the punishment was imposed.

Two Years, Three Months and Twenty Days Earlier

Kayla-098 groaned as she felt the familiar sensation of a bowling ball on top of her bladder. She was just six days into her punishment, but so far, she'd yet to go a single day sticking to the parameters of her sentence. On Saturday, she urinated four times, Sunday, three, Monday, five, Tuesday, four, Wednesday, four and today, she'd been twice, once at 7am, and once at 3pm. It was 11:53pm, and Kayla-098 was still at the office. It was mandatory for every citizen to work overnight at least once a month, The Leaders decreed that it meant work could be achieved every minute of every day everywhere. Not that Kayla-098's work was productive, not with her bladder threatening to give way once more.

She twisted her legs in agony, as her pent up wee caused her urethra to throb with pain. Everyone knew about her punishment by now. Her boyfriend dumped her a few days ago because of it, and all her colleagues steered clear of her, presumably to avoid having to hear her moan about how bursting for a wee she was, or even worse, getting inadvertently covered in her piss. To her credit, she hadn't actually properly wet herself again yet. She at least had a desk right next to the toilet, so she could dart in when she finally could hold it no more. But she had 7 minutes left. If she could last that long, then at least she'd put herself 1/7 of the way towards actually ending her punishment. Nonetheless, her situation was bad. Any sharp movement, and her bladder would surely give up the ghost.

A strong burst of wee made its way into her knickers. Kayla-098 started to sob for the 300th time that week, and her colleague on the adjacent desk moved her chair away slightly. Using all of her pelvic floor muscles, Kayla-098 was able to clamp the stream shut. However she knew the flood was coming any minute. She looked at her watch, she still had another five minutes to hold it. Every second was pure agony, her bladder felt like it was being prodded by thousands of knives all at once.

Not surprising, given the enforced hydration breaks meant that her bladder now held about a litre of water, which had steadily filled since 3pm. She was absolutely beside herself with how desperate for the toilet she was at this point. She'd long lost focus in what she was doing, focusing purely on keeping her urine inside her body. Three minutes to go. She'd already unzipped her overalls, and when no one was looking, she was digging her hands into her pussy to stem the tide. She felt temporary relief as she subtly jammed her fists into her already damp peehole, but she quickly gasped as spurt of wee leaked onto her knuckles.

Two minutes to go, and Kayla-098 decided it was time to start to make her way to the toilet. As she stood up, her bladder spasmed, and another long streak of piss left her body. Kayla-098 clutched everything, and limped towards the loo, unable to stand up properly. With every step, the liquid in her bladder swished about, like a bucket full to the brim. Finally at the door to the ladies, she knew the finishing line was in sight. She just had to survive one more minute.

The ladies bathroom had two stalls, and to Kayla-098's dismay, they were both in use. Now, all she could hear was two quite forceful streams of piss, all the while her bladder was on the verge of exploding. Dignity out the window now she was in the relative safety of the ladies room, she took off her overalls, so she was just in her white bra and panties. The alarm on her phone signified it was midnight. With no sign of the stalls becoming free, Kayla-098 did the next best thing.

Not even bothering to take off her knickers, Kayla-098 perched her bum over the sink, and let the pee burst out of her. She moaned in ecstasy as her panties became soaked with her piss. She didn't care that both women had now finished, and were watching her wet herself as they waited to wash their hands. She didn't care that she would have to throw these panties away. She didn't even care that she would almost certainly not manage to repeat her feat of only peeing twice in a day. For now, she just cared that the pain in her bladder was subsiding. Finishing up, she hopped off the sink to let the two women wash their hands, slipping off her white panties to throw in the bin.

"You're fucking disgusting," one of her colleagues sneered at her. The ecstasy had gone, Kayla-098 felt vulnerable, naked both literally and metaphorically. This was her life now, and she had to get used to it somehow.

Two Years, Three Months and Twenty Days Later

Zagartha-032's eyes widened as she heard Kayla-098's tale. Suddenly, it was all becoming clear again. She remembered it all, the year with The Leaders, the endless work, the eventual humiliation. A year of her life which had been completely forgotten was now back, with near perfect clarity.

"Kay! I think I remember what happened!" Zagartha-032 exclaimed.

"What? But how?" Kayla-098 asked.

"It must have been your story. Cos that's why I got punished. I pissed in a sink and they caught me. That's why I got kicked out of the Inner Ring! Come on, we have to find Ali, I have so much to tell her!" Zagartha-032 was genuinely smiling, for perhaps the first time since she left the Inner Ring.

*014*2021-05-03 23:02

Chapter X - The Betrayal

Two Weeks Later

It was 2:56pm, and Kayla-098 had already done her fifth nervous pee of the day. Zagartha-032 remembered all sorts of useful information about the inner ring, including all the various gaps in their surveillance. For the past two weeks, the gang had been exploiting these gaps to spread the word of an underground gathering. Today was the day that they would lead a call to war, a call to end the tyranny of the inner ring, a call to take down The Leaders. Alina-382 had been instrumental in organising all of this, clearly passionate about restoring everyone's liberties. Kayla-098 had once been unsure about the undoubted leader of the gang, but she'd grown to respect this passionate woman.

"Right everyone, let's get going!" Alina-382 yelled, rounding everyone up into a small black van.

Zagartha-032 was first in the van, followed by Dave-232, Ben-201 and Amelia-093. Kayla-098 was last in, slamming the door shut behind her. Alina-382 was driving, it was about a two hour drive to the nearest place where they could both hold a big gathering, and go undetected by The Leaders. Nerves were running high, Zagartha-032 was reading a book to try and take her mind off it, Dave-232 was listening to music, Ben-201 was trying to get some rest and Amelia-093 kept nervously trying to strike up conversation with an irritated Alina-382. Kayla-098 was running through her speech once again, hoping to inspire an army to war.

"Ali, how long till we get there? I'm busting for a pee," Amelia-093 interjected, legs crossed tightly.

"First of all, it's Alina-382, not Ali. And we're still an hour away I'm afraid. Why didn't you go before we left?" Alina-382 asked.

"I didn't need to go then, aw please can we pull over? I'm dying here," Amelia-093 begged, clearly quite distressed.

"No, we don't have time. You'll have to hold it," Alina-382 curtly said.

At this point, Dave-232 took his headphones out "Boss, I really have to go too. Are you sure there's no way we can stop?"

"No, stop being such a pair of weak bladdered babies," Alina-382 snapped. Zagartha-032 bowed her head at this comment.

About half an hour of lip biting and crotch holding passed, before Amelia-093 dared speak up again.

"Boss, I'm really really bursting now. It's going to come out any moment," Amelia-093 looked like she was about to cry.

"Look, here's my empty Coke cup, just go in here," Alina-382 passed the cup to the back of the van.

"Oh thank you, thank you, thank you. Boys look away!" Amelia-093 yelped as she undid the button at the top of her trousers. Yanking her knickers down to reveal her pussy, neatly shaved to reveal just a small strip of pubic hair, she positioned the cup and released her bladder. Or at least she tried to. Unfortunately for her, an overwhelming bout of bladder shyness overcame her, and her body would not yield a drop.

"Ah I can't fucking piss!" screamed Amelia-093.

"Well I can, give that here!" Dave-232 yanked the cup out of her hands, pulled his penis out and released his aching bladder. Amelia-093 could hardly stand his moans of relief, as she pulled her knickers and jeans back up, feeling horrendously unsatisfied. "Ah fuck me that was good." Dave-232 launched the cup out of he window, full to the brim with his piss.

"What the fuck Dave, now I can't use it," Amelia-093 shouted.

"Looks like you couldn't use it anyway,' Dave-232 pointed out, smirking as he said it.

"Please Alina, I'm begging you, just please can we stop somewhere," Amelia-093 desperately pleaded. "My bladder feels like it's about to explode."

"We have the chance to make history today. And that won't happen if we turn up late, so no, we're not going to miss our chance to take down the leaders so you can relieve your bladder." Alina-382 was beginning to really lose her patience.

Amelia-093 sat back in her chair, disconsolate and desperate. The pain in her bladder showed no signs of subsiding, but she had no option but to cross her legs tighter. The more the journey went on, the more tempted she was to just wet herself and deal with the consequences. She had never needed the loo more in her life, she cursed herself for drinking so many energy drinks earlier to pep herself up for the rally. Yet somehow she managed to hold it, and as the van pulled up, she knew that relief was only moments away.

"Right, I'll be back in a second, you all wait here," Alina-382 instructed.

"But...!" Amelia-093 interjected.

"Wait here!" Alina-382 barked.

The pain was so intense at this point. Running out of options, Amelia-093 tried to just wet herself. But despite her bladder being full to the brim with urine, it just would not release. Her eyes darted around, she couldn't even see a toilet anywhere. What was she going to do? Here she was, absolutely bursting to pee, with no toilets in sight, about to give one of the most important speeches of her life. As she tried once more to relieve her bladder, she was interrupted by a loud crashing sound.

"EVERYBODY STAY WHERE YOU ARE!" yelled a man wearing full bulletproof clothing, emblazoned with Department of Justice on the front.

Suddenly, Amelia-093's bladder wasn't the priority. Not that it mattered, as her pee exploded out of her urethra, running down both her legs in long, warm streams. The relief was massively outweighed by the terror at the situation they found themselves in. As she looked out of the window and saw Alina-382 laughing with a Department of Justice worker, one thing was for sure. They had been betrayed.

*015*2021-06-10 22:30

Chapter XI - The Prison

Two days later

The court case proved to be fairly routine. The crimes of Kayla-098, Amelia-093, Dave-232, Zagartha-032 and Ben-201 were enough to warrant the first death sentence The Leaders had ever issued, or at least the first death sentence issued to a group of people who didn't actually kill anyone themselves. The dank, cramped cell absolutely reeked of piss and shit, as the toilet had been blocked long before they were arrested. At first, they used a corner as a toilet instead. Even Kayla-098, who said she'd rather let her bladder explode then piss in a corner in front of everyone, eventually was forced to relieve herself in front of the group. No boundaries existed between them now. They'd all seen each other piss, shit, vomit, you name it. Now they were just counting down the hours until the end. Three hours, twenty minutes and forty-five seconds.

Alina-382 wasn't who she said she was. Her name was Zena-030, or just Zena now, as she'd been appointed to head up an anti-treason branch of the Department of Justice, for 'exceptional bravery in capturing known criminals and aspiring terrorists'. Zagartha-032 blamed herself for not being able to recognise that she wasn't the real Alina-382, but the others made sure to reassure her that it wasn't her fault. The Leaders had technology way beyond anyone else's understanding, even the tech savvy Amelia-093 was nowhere near being able to work out how they managed to wipe people's minds in a matter of seconds.

"How about it then?" Dave-232 asked. Dave-232 had been petitioning for an orgy for the last hour. "If I'm going to die, I want to go out doing something that I love."

Amelia-093 looked disgusted "How can you even think about sex right now? We're all starving, covered in our own pee and fuck knows what else? I have never felt so unsexy in my life."

"I've sort of got used to the smell. And it beats sitting here bored for the next three hours." Three hours, fifteen minutes and two seconds.

"Look mate, I've seen you do a shit, and then wipe your arse with your t shirt. I will never be sexually attracted to you again," Kayla-098 replied bluntly.

Another long silence was broken by the sound of water hitting the floor, as Amelia-093 wet herself for the fifth time that week. They had all given up using the corner as a toilet, except for messing. They all felt disgusting anyway so there was no point trying to keep themselves clean. As Amelia-093's trickle stopped, she remarked "Probably the last time I'll ever pee."

###

Zena's first meeting with The Leaders was over, and not a second sooner, as she was absolutely gasping for the toilet. She may have got carried away with the return to the lap of luxury, and had one too many sparkling waters before the meeting. Bidding her farewells to The Leaders, she made a beeline for the ladies room, gingerly shuffling through the corridor, feeling as though her bladder was being tugged by a rope. Finally, the door to the toilets was in sight.

"Erm, Zena?" a shy voice asked.

Zena stopped in her tracks, forced to cross her legs tightly to avoid an accident. "What is it?"

"I'm afraid we need to go urgently to check on the prisoners," Zena didn't recognise the woman she was talking to, but then she had only met the senior leaders so far. She had no need to get to know the juniors properly.

"I've got something quite urgent I need to be getting on with," Zena gestured towards the bathroom.

"Now." The Leader of Justice appeared seemingly out of nowhere. But I'm about to wet myself, Zena thought to herself. But arguing with a Leader would do her no good. Instead, Zena took a big breath, and turned away from bathroom, feeling like one million daggers had just been fired into her bladder.

The walk to the cells was not long, but her desperate need to urinate, and the incessant questions from her junior made it feel like she was walking from London to Birmingham. How are you finding it so far? How can I get to where you are? Why are you walking like that? Thankfully, they eventually made it to the cell, and Zena had not yet lost her dignity. As the prisoners saw Zena's face again, their expressions ranged from fear, anger, and pure hatred. Zena felt no remorse for her betrayal, but then she was never really the sort for regret. Before she could say a word to her former companions, she felt a sharp blow to the head, and her legs gave away, before her whole body toppled down to the floor.
