Bayley and Byron

Author: Notme246

*000*2018-02-03 17:59

This is part 1 of a 2-3 part story. Enjoy!

Bayley:

I was sleeping in my bed, well sort of...I was half awake. I looked and saw my boyfriend, Byron the minccino, sleeping peaceful next to me.

I snuggled against him while he slept and I swear I saw him blush in his sleep. Which was absolutely adorable.

Oh. Forgot my name, I'm Bayley the Whimsicott, I'm actually pregnant with me and Byron's twins. So I'm taking off from my job as a doctor.

To be honest, I don't need a job, me and Byron live in a mansion. Byron's a pretty famous dancer and singer, so he makes millions of dollars a month.

I only work because I'm bored, but ever since Byron took a break from his job- (and got me pregnant) we've been spending more time together.

Anyways, as I was snuggling, I felt a slight twinge in my bladder, being pregnant was hard, especially with twins. I threw up, had hypertensions, and most of time, as soon I sipped some sort of liquid, I had to use the bathroom.

I didn't wanna get up, but my bladder said otherwise, so I started to, but Byron held me close. "Don't leave yet...". He said in his sleep.

The need was growing abit more, so I tried again, but he held me closer.

I whined alittle at the quick pulse I felt in my bladder. My need was growing quickly, but Byron was holding me tight. "Uh...Byron! I need to go!". I said as I put my paws between my legs.

But he was too sleepy to understand. He just held me more. I whined abit louder as I felt abit of pain in my abdomen.

"Byron! I have to pee!!!". I said louder. Byron didn't loosen his grip on me. I started to realize he was fully awake.

"Oh I know you do". He said with a mischievous grin. "But you can hold it can't you?".

"Byron! I'm gonna get the bed wet!". I said holding myself trying not to leak. "L-let me go!".

But he just held me closer to him. "Oh come on. You can hold it longer than that!". He kept holding me.

I squeak as I felt a drop escape. "Byron! This isn't funny! I have to pee badly!!!". I said squirming as a small spurt escaped.

Byron then poked my belly which made me squeak again. "The twins messing with your bladder again?". He asked.

"Yes!!!" I said as a larger spurr escaped. I held my crotch trying to stop the leakage.

Byron poked my belly again, which made me leak again. "Byron!!!". I whined. "Your making me leak!".

"That's the plan". He said as he started tickling my belly.

I tried not to laugh, because if I laughed I knew my bladder would give out. But he kept tickling, and tickling, and tickling.

I started to giggling which made a larger spurt escape. "Byron!!" I said as I started to laugh.

It was too late. I started to pee a large stream. The stream continue for a full minute until it finally died down and came to a stop.

Byron was still tickling me though. "Tickle tickle!". He said.

He tickled me for a good 10 minutes before he finally stopped. I took a minute to catch my breath. "B-byron...now we're both wet!". I said even though I secretly had enjoyed the whole thing.

"I was just trying to have alittle fun with ya!". He said. I then sighed and smiled. "Well this means we have to take showers".

"Shower. Not Showers". He corrected me. Me and Byron do almost everything together. Just another reason I love him so much.

So we both got up and threw the wet sheets and blankets into the wash, and we both got into the shower togther.

Hope you enjoyed! Part 2 will be out probably later tonight. :3

