(Fantasy setting) A night at the inn

Author: Notelf

*000*2025-08-21 19:19

This story is set in a homebrewed fantasy setting I've made. It's pretty classic high fantasy overall, but I've thrown in a few new species of my own creation just to spice things up. I don't much feel like tripping over myself to describe them in detail in the text so here's what you need to know to follow along:

Naglind: A species of reptilian origin, they mostly resemble snakes by human standards, though have arms and legs each of whom possess three digits that end in claws. They are generally tall (1.8-2.3m) and lithe in appearance. They have smooth scales whose colour can vary from dark brown to a pale sandy colour, on rare occasions fully black or a shimmering silver. They have a serpentine head with a long forked tongue that assist their smell and notably possess a colourfull frill that is usually kep pinned to the back of their heads, every individual has a unique pattern and biological males generally have larger frills with more colours. Other than the frill there is little to outwardly distuingish males and females. The other notable feature of male Naglinds is that they have two penises. A bunch of eggheads over at the biomancy school have argued over why this is but that's just the way they are and most people aren't complaining, even if some people think it's weird.

Salicos (pl. Salici): A small humanoid (1.2-1.6m) species that just as many people find adorable as do disgusting as they primarily resemble jumping spiders. They have eight limbs, two legs and six arms, their feet have only two large toes while their arms have strong spindly fingers. Though small they muscular thighs and biceps they use to both jump long distances (as they can walk on all their limbs should they want to) and climb, though they're too big to actually stick to walls like a spider. Their faces heavily resemble spiders though are a bit more human in appearance, notably actually possessing a neck. 

They have four eyes, two larger in the front of their face flanked by two smaller further to the side. Their eyes are completely black, described as both soulless or looking like puppydog eyes depending on who you ask. Their bodies are covered in a layer of soft fibres (that the boys at biomancy actually isn't hair) that can be brown, grey, black or spotted in several colours. They are quite rare in most of the world and are most often found as acrobats. 

Under Elves: The smallest subespecies of elves, standing at around 1.5-1.7m. They mostly live underground and are sensitive to sunlight, they possess very pale purplish or pink skin and mostly have white or platinum blond hair. They are very androgynous even by elf standards. So that's a short primer, that said, hope you enjoy my first story!

The Vaulted Cellar had never been one of the city of Lesalia's more reputable establishments, a reputation not improved by it's very dull name. This night however, it felt distinctly miserable for a particular group of misfits currently nestled in a corner of the inn. Chief among them was a grumpy faced young man by the name of Edwan Riolin. He seemed quite a handsome fellow by most accounts, with olive tanned skin and brown locks cascading around his head. His pretty face was however marked by a sour expression, occasionally interupted by the raising of a wooden cup to his mouth. Two small figures sat across from him, seemingly in equally bad moods.

'It's not right this is!' Said Ser'akh slamming six tiny hands onto the table 'We did all of that for that 'tcheep bastard! We track the people who stole from him, we sneak into their camp, we get his daughter, we get his horses, we get his money, we get out again without being seen and what do we get?! His 'eternal gratitude' and some tarnished pennies, and then a lecture for not killing the bandits when he didn't even ask for it. We should be at the Gilded Wreath right now, not this hovel!'

'Yes Ser, we were all there, no need to remind any of us.' Edwan responded, taking another sip from the wine this place somehow was allowed to serve.

'It's pronounced ch-cheap, there's no T in it' A clear voice helpfully chimed in from beside Ser'akh as Lorish raised his white haired head from the table, the little elf not being good with liquor, his cheeks already seemed pinker than usual.

'Tcheep' Ser'akh responded with all four of his eyes turned to the wobbly elf.

'Wouldn't have happened anyway' A low fourth voice responded from behind them, Synik returning from the bar with a new round of drinks, walking stooped to not bang his head on the roof of the cellar 'You ssee the Gilded Wreath only sserves a particular clientel, and we're cssertainly not among them'

'Not human or elven enough you mean?' Ser'akh retorted grabbing a tankard instead of letting Synik serve him

'I mean not being rich, ssmelling good enough or having enough ssilks for it' Synik responded, collapsing onto a stool and tapping his claws absently on his tankard 'but sseeing as he damn well runss it, I figure he could make ssomething sspecial for uss, even if we'd be shoved away in a back room or a sscellar'

'Doen't matter now, we'll be holding up here for a night whatever happens now, and tomorrow we need to focus on finding another job. One that hopefully pays' Edwan declared without enthusiasm.

This had been meant to be the break, the one that finally put some coin in their purses. Those bandits making off with the winesellers daughter and wagon had been the best thing that had happened to them since first meeting up, at the very same table they were now trying to drown their sorrows at. Or at least moderately soak their sorrows, the wine in the Vaulted Cellar generally being so watered down getting drunk was an achievement unless your name was Lorish.

'Still he could have been a bit more 'tchene..., 'tchenero..., 'tch... nice about it' Ser'akh conceded with a grunt 'could 'ave fed us or paid us or... an' I didn't even pinch anything we found!'

Lorish and Edwan raised their eyebrows at the eight-limbed cleptomaniac, Synik joining them in spirit with his gaze.

'Alright I took a little from his purse, but the bandits had already done that! And it was far less than we deserved anyway' Ser'akh admitted before going back to sipping from his tankard the way his people did.

'Well, that's probably the last work he will give us then' Said Edwan raising his tankard 'Cheers to new work tomorrow and stingy merchants!'

They put their tankards together and were met with general muttering of approval form the cellar's other guests.

###

The night rolled on and more drinks were brought in, what little money they got still bought them a fair few rounds in a place like this. They quickly abandoned the watery wine in favour of beer. Winecellars probably weren't allowed to sell beer if you asked the brewer's guild, then again this was a place where you didn't ask where your drinks came from.

After a few rounds the world went a bit hazy and things didn't seem so bad anymore for Edwan. Here he was, a failed gameskeeper, in the company of a disgraced thieving acrobat, a pint sized wizard dropout who discovered he liked knives more than spells, and another slightly less failed wizard whose penchant for melting people instead of debating had gotten him kicked out. Together, what in this world couldn't they do if they stayed together?!

He said this to his friends in slurred speach and was greeted with an impromptu group hug, he swore he could hear someone sobbing. When Synik squeezed him like a constrictor he suddenly became aware of a sudden preassure growing in his bladder.

'Alright fellows, sorry that stuff goes straight through you' Edwan freed himself from Synik and stood unsteadily on his own feet 'I gotta piss something fierce, I'll erh.. get right back' He shuffled away thinking of alleys and the river when something arose in the back of his mind telling him he shouldn't go alone 'Any of you wanna join me?' He asked turning around.

There was a general drunken assent. Even Lorish whom he swore had just come back.

'I 'ave... a better idea ac'tchually' Ser'akh suddenly said with a slurring mischevious tone.

The rest of the party watched him with confusion. When no one responded he clarified.

'Look, we're not that far from the wreath, just across the river. Way I see it, we can pay the 'tcheepskate a visit and... clean a bit for 'im' He added with a chuckle.

This was a horrendous idea, but while the drinks from the cellar weren't enough to get you blackout drunk it was more then enough to give you enough liquid courage to take on the world. Despite his protesting bladder Dewan agreed happily alongside the rest of them.

They all got up and shakily made their way up the stairs from the cellar and out into the street. The troll-looking man who manned the entrance eyed them but said nothing as they took back their weapons, Edwan his sword and the others their daggers. With a merry goodbye to the bouncer they set off into the cool night air. The streets were mostly deserted so they made no attempt to stay quiet, by all rights the city watch should have locked them away far before they reached their goal.

But this was Lesalia and they'd seen a few of the watchmen in the cellar, and the rest were probably likewise occupied this time of night. As they ambled their way towards the Gilded Wreath the nights drink made conversation easy. Soon they getting close to the Lesal bridge, the sound of the fast running water did no favours for Dewan who felt a strong urge to stop at the bridge and add to the flow, but tonight he was a man on a mission and that would have to wait. Instead he turned to Lorish as a story suddenly came to mind.

'Y'know Lorish, first time... when I first saw you, I thought you were a girl,' He slurred to his smaller companion 'He looks like that, right eh?'

There was a general murmur of agreement from the other two

'Yes, you made that clear' Lorish responded while almost tripping over a flagstone

'Course it's hard to tell with the lot of you, and especially elves but... when I saw you, you were just so small, and you have so soft hair, and your lips are so plump...'

'How do you know my hair is soft?' Lorish interupted

'Just looks that way is all, anyway I was betting on girl but I didn't know for certain until second day out in the woods, I wake up see the most lovely sunrise. Figured this day is bound to be good, then I see rainbow floating over the river. Figured the day is gonna be even better, then I wonder why there is rainbow, and I realise it's you standing tall there on the rocks, only wearing your underpants and pissing in the stream. Then I knew I'd bet wrong, but in my defence your face was against you.

'As if you're one to speak, babyface' Lorish responded, his face had turned even pinker'

'As if you're one to call someone else babyface'

'We'll get you two a sseparate room when we get back, now quiet! We're here!' Synik hissed at them.

They'd ended up in the richer part of Lesalia, made evident by the lower amount of dung in the streets. In front of them in the night they saw a tall steepled house with bright torches illuminating the open door to the cellar, music and laughter could be heard coming from it. In the light they saw the glittering sign of the Gilded Wreath dangling above the house.

'Posh bastard, do you think that's real gold he has on the sign?' Edwan asked

'Knowing the 'tcheepskate, that's probably brass' Ser'akh whispered

'Not sure about you, but I'm more focused on those brutes there' Lorish added peeking out from under them, pointing at the two heavyset and well dressed men with truncheons who stood guard outside the entrance.

'Don't fancssy a fight right now' Synik agreed 'But look!' He pointed to a recessed door leading to a courtyard behind the house 'I'm betting that'ss where he livess, might be something in there!'

The rest of the party hurriedly agreed, then realised they were standing bunched up peaking around and thay they should probably try to not be seen. They withdrew behind the nearest house.

'So, how d'we get in?' Edwan asked, his bladder starting to ache quite severely.

'Around ' Ser'akh answered pointing at the entrance to a nearby courtyard. The little salicos squatted down, leapt and vaulted over the low wall, managing to only wobble a little despite his state. Inside he unbarred the door and let the rest of them inside. With Ser'akh's help they climbed into the neighbouring courtyard and then another. Given their state it went smoothly, except one time when Ser'akh slipped on a roofing tile as he jumped and gracefully rolled into a sleeping pig. Luckily they were out before anyone noticed. With the sound of squealing behind them they emerged close to where they started, but now on the other side of the street facing the courtyard. Quietly as they could and aided by darkness they crept across the street, Edwan only managing to step on Synik's tail once.

The guards had not noticed them as they reached the gate, Ser'akh repeated his previous trick landing on the opposite side only to silently swear as he realised the door had a padlock. This lead to Lorish tossing his lockpicks over the wall and then to a very slow minute as the drunkest man in the party tried to explain to to one of the less drunk ones how to pick the lock. Luckily the mechanism proved simple enough and soon they finally eased the door open and snuck into the courtyard inside.

The inside of the courtyard was dimly lit by the light coming in from the torches outside and a flickering lamp by the door. Looking around, Edwan saw a cobbled path, a small orchard and a garden. He felt his bladder was close to bursting as he took in the sites and quickly settled on a bed of flowers close by. He had only began to tug at his belt when Ser'akh got everyone's attention.

'Well look here' he said while removing a wooden cover from a circular stone basin in the middle of yard 'Posh bastard has a private well '

Everyone understood what had to be done.

They all took their places around the now uncovered well, Edwan taking his place next to Synik and Lorish, opposite Ser. Edwan was close too loosing control as they as one pulled up their tunics and fumbled with their drawstrings, finally Edwan undid the knot, pulled out his cock, aimed and let loose into the well. He closed his eyes and rolled his head back in relief as his aching bladder soothed. His stream was soon joined by three more steady streams thundering and splashing down into the hole.

He opened his eyes and stared into the night sky, a devious thought came into his mind. He was suddenly very curious what kind of equipment his teammates sported. They'd been in the woods together yes, but they were not so close as to have seen each other naked yet. He gazed downwards to aim, first takin in his own member. It wasn't bad he thought, a bit longer than average with a light brown head, and he'd taken the opportunity to trim the hair down a bit when he was at the bathhouse. He first looked ahead of him at Ser'akh.

He'd never seen a salicos before him, let alone anything down below on one. Ser'akh was holding himself one handed, poking put from between his fingers was a slender pink organ with a lenghth that put most men to shame, it had no hair and a very pointed head that was currently sending a strong stream straight as a ramrod down the well.

Next he slowly turned his eyes left to his left, where Synik was groanding in relief. Steadying himself with both hands on the side of the wall, Synik was letting his cock dangle freely over the edge as his stream waved back and forth. He had a member not that unlike Edwan in shape, apart from it's sandy colour matching it's owner and being a bit bigger. That was until he had looked a bit longer, as his eyes adjusted to the dim light he saw what he first thought were veins, but he soon realised Synek had a series of short fleshy quills running along his shaft up to his tip. Edwan briefly wondered what they felt like before shaking the thought away. He still had one left.

He faced his to his right ready to finally see proof of Lorish's manhood...

Well that's damn unfair, he thought to himself

Lorish was holding his cock with two hands, and he looked like he damn well needed it. He looked like he had freckles on the bottom of his shaft and... was what a mole or does he have a bead...?

Edwan suddenly became aware of Lorish's head twisting to the left, from where he himself had seemed to sneak a peak at Ser. Their gazes briefly met, before Lorish's face turned pink again and Edwan felt his own cheeks blossoming. They both immediatly looked upwards again. He wondered if Lorish had found the time to shave or if that's just how Under Elves were naturally...

Suddenly Lorish broke the silence:

'I think I win' he whispered over the sound of still steady splashing

The remainder of the party looked at him, and soon the comparisons began. It turned out that Lorish and Ser'akh were equal in length but the little elf had him beat in girth. Lorish indeed had a small bead of purple crystal pierced into his shaft, a tradition among his people he explained. Being neither big nor naturally barbed like some others, Edwan felt he had probably placed last.

'Nissce and all, but look at thiss' Synyk announced before taking his hands of the wall and aiming with one of them. He placed his other next to the slit his member had emerged from, and then with a wet squelch a second cock sprang out next to his first. He aimed it with his other hand managing to cross his streams with all three of theirs.

'Two of them?! I thought that was just a myth...' Edwan whispered dumbstruck.

'Oh it'sss very real' Synyk hissed back, while shaking himself so his streams formed two waves.

'Yeah, learned about it in anatomy' Said Lorish while he and Ser'akh crossed their streams.

Edwan was the first to fininsh, he shook himself dry and was glad to put himself before anyone noticed his cock was starting to swell. Synyk finished soon after, his members simply retracting back into his body before he redid his trousers.

Ser'akh was just finishing up when there was a sudden shouting from inside the house and suddenly lamps were being lit in the windows. They all exchanged hasty swears, especially Lorish who was still going. He pushed out the last as backed away, managing to also piss on the cobbles as they prepared to run. Lorish had only just managed to put everything back into place before they ran back out the way they came to the sound of a door being shoved open. As Lorish's short legs would make him kag behind, Edwan hoisted him of the ground and carried him under his arm as they took off into the night back towards the Vaulted Cellar. Edwan thought he could hear the noise of screaming after slipping on wet cobblestones.

He felt Lorish in his grip as he ran. He really did have soft hair

