A Wet World Journey

Author: nyxgin

*000*2025-08-23 09:33

Hi, this is my first attempt at writing a multi-part story. My idea is to create a girls wetting journey in multiple parts of the world - sort of solo traveling wetting journey! As ambitious traveler myself, I saw a lot of possible wetting scenarios that could have happened and decided that with my imagination I can make them happen. Later on, I would also add a chapter with diaper usage and maybe messing accidents depending on the vibe I would feel and feedback. I plan on posting on weekly/bi-weekly basis and I currently have strong ideas for the next few chapters. Hopefully you like the vibe 😊...let the journey begin !!!

With her last high school exam finally behind her, Chloe felt a mix of relief and uncertainty. Everyone around her seemed to have a clear path - college, jobs - but she wasn’t quite sure what came next. Sure, her plan was to attend college, but her heart was somewhere else - somewhere far away. She had always loved traveling. There was something about being in a new place, hearing a different language, or seeing things you'd only read about in books or saw on TV that made her feel alive.

Over the past couple of summers, she worked small jobs - waitressing, babysitting, and combined with a scholarship she’d received for having good grades, it was just enough to do something she had dreamed about for years: a one-year journey across the world. Her plan was vague. In fact, it was barely a plan at all. Just book the first destination and see what happens next. That freedom excited her more than anything.

Chloe had grown up traveling with her parents, so the idea of moving around wasn’t completely new. But going alone? That was completely different. Solo travel meant being in charge of everything. No one to rely on but yourself. No one to help if things went wrong. That thought made her doubt. She wasn’t scared exactly, but definitely nervous. What if she lost her passport? What if she got sick? What if she just felt ALONE?

But then again - what if it turned out to be the best year of her life?

The more she thought about it, the more she knew she had to go. She wanted stories, memories, the kind of experiences that change how you see the world. Egypt was her first choice. It had always fascinated her. As a kid, she would sit in front of the TV for hours, watching documentaries about pyramids and pharaohs, imagining herself wandering through ancient ruins and wearing that beautiful dresses that women had at that time. Cairo, the Valley of the Kings, the endless desert, riding the camels - it all seemed so magical, almost unreal.

Now, standing in her bedroom in Germany with her backpack zipped and ready by the door, it finally felt real. At 19, she was about to step into the unknown - and she couldn’t wait to see where the journey would take her.

It was a cold, foggy morning when she woke to the annoying sound of her alarm. After her last sips of coffee, she and her father began the two-hour drive to the airport. As they were driving at night the only thing she could see were street lights and dark outlines of the houses that they passed on the way and as her eyes started to close Chloe fell asleep within minutes, only waking an hour later - and that’s when she realized she’d made a huge mistake. Between the rush of preparations and the early coffee, she had forgotten to use the toilet.

At first, it wasn’t too bad. She’d never had any problems with her bladder before – sure some accident here and there but that was a part of life and something normal so she was confident that she could wait until the airport. It was only an hour away, after all. She shifted in her seat, distracting herself with music and quick checks on her phone, but the growing pressure made the drive feel longer than it was.

At that point she remembered that one time she had accident in a car. She was younger so it was justifiable but what if it happened right now? She was nineteen! The idea of that happening was childish and it made her feel embarrassed already. The pressure in her bladder grew stronger every passed minute.

Finally, they arrived. Chloe hugged her father goodbye and she could see that a single tear was sliding down her fathers cheek, and she couldn’t help it but to shed a tear herself. She could hardly focus on their farewell; all she wanted was to get inside and find the toilet. By now, she was close to doing a nervous little pee dance, her bladder screaming for relief. As her father drove off, her mission of locating the restroom began.

The airport was huge, and every step felt harder with the sharp pain that her blader caused. She was nearly in tears when, at last, she spotted the restroom sign. “Thank God, I thought I was actually going to have an accident”, she breathed in relief. But her luck turned again - the women’s restroom line stretched endlessly, at least twenty minutes’ wait. She knew she couldn’t last that long.

A quick peek at the men’s restroom showed no line at all. It was there, all empty and waiting, and for a split second, the thought crossed her mind. Maybe she could just… go in there ? It was just a restroom, after all and surely people would understand. But then the idea of it made her cheeks burn. She wasn’t that desperate, right? She wasn’t the kind of person who…

Suddenly, a sharp spasm hit, and she felt a small leak escape. Speechless, she pressed her thighs together and managed to hold on. She quickly looked down - her black jeans hid the damage, at least for now.

A minute later, another leak slipped through, this time longer, leaving a small damp patch. Panic flared. There were still ten people ahead, and she knew one more slip would mean total loss of control. For a quick second she started to imagine the warm liquid darkening her jeans and the embarrassment that would be the consequence of a puddle she would have left. She squirmed openly now, shifting from foot to foot, her struggle obvious and for a moment she felt like every single person in line was just waiting for an accident to happen. A mother with her kid waiting near the front noticed her eyes – how they kept looking down at her jeans. It was then when she saw the wet spot, and immediately understood that the girl is in real trouble and seconds away from a disaster. When the next stall opened, the woman gestured.

“Go ahead,” she said kindly.

Chloe could barely get the words out, but her gratitude was clear. She rushed inside, dropped her backpack, and fumbled with her jeans - only for another stream to escape. “ Please, come off, I’m about to lose it ”, she thought desperately. At last, the button gave way and she yanked them down, collapsing onto the toilet just in time. A long hiss echoed in the stall, relief flooding her body.

Inspecting the damage, she saw that some had sprayed on the floor, and her jeans showed a wet patch, though small enough to go unnoticed unless someone looked closely. Dark denim had saved her from real embarrassment.

When she emerged, she quickly thanked the woman who had helped her and tried not to bring any more attention to her jeans and to the fact she almost lost control . The thought of having an accident and how close she really was still kept haunting her and it was then she realized how a little mistake could have caused her journey and confidence to fall apart in a moment. Her journey was only beginning, and already she’d had the closest call of her life.

