After-Detention Desperation (A Saved By The Bell Fanfic)

Author: Noot

*000*2020-09-08 08:54

It was an absolute pleasure to write this commission fanfic about a well-loved sitcom for @LifeIsStrange

, who very graciously allowed me to post it on here!

####

It had been the hottest Spring anyone could remember, that was for sure.

The classroom was a greenhouse beneath California’s baking mid-May sun, even as midday ticked into late afternoon. Barely a week ago, Moose had passed out with heatstroke in an Algebra test, and since then students were being reminded three or four times a day to please fill up their water bottles regularly and stay hydrated. That was easier said than done: there were only a few clean water taps in whole school, and staying hydrated was tricky when you were sweating enough to flood Lake Mathews. But the alternative, as Moose had testified, was a lot less pleasant, so the kids did their best to keep the water coming. Fortunately for Moose, you didn’t need to be an Algebra genius to work out that hundreds of hydrated teenagers didn’t fit into a handful of small bathrooms.

Not that there were many students left to share with, a fact Kelly Kapowski reminded herself of as she sat and tried not to melt- or worse. That was the light at the end of her tunnel. She may be stuck in after-hours detention for another five minutes, but once those minutes were up she would be free to waltz into the nearest bathroom and do her business, the rest of the school long gone. Kelly looked bitterly around the room at her three fellow miscreants. The hair-brained prank that had landed them in detention had been Tori’s idea- ironic that she had been the one who had gotten them caught. On either side of her sat Lisa Turtle and Jessie Spano, who had persuaded Kelly to go along with it in the first place.

She should have known it was a bad idea, but Jessie knew how to bend Kelly’s arm and, after all, there was no way they would be found out- right? Of course, hindsight was a wonderful thing; they’d been caught red-handed and thrown in detention immediately, like prisoners in a cell. They hadn’t even had time to change out of their little green gym shorts. So she’d ended up there, blaming all of them secretly but blaming herself most of all, irritated at the sheer stupidity of it. Her mind alternated constantly between needing to drink water and needing to empty her bladder. She would get sick if she she didn’t drink, but drinking too much would have a far more embarrassing result.

Kelly could see that she was far from the only one in such a predicament. Tori sat with one leg folded up on the chair, her heel pressed tightly into her crotch through the thin nylon fabric of her shorts. Her serious face betrayed nothing, and yet the view from Kelly’s angle told a different story. In all her years, Kelly had never known a girl to sit like that unless she had to visit the ladies’ room. If Tori’s need was visible, Lisa’s was just plain obvious; she had one hand between her thighs and wore a worried expression. Her empty water bottle sat on the desk in front of her. Perhaps she was imagining things, but Kelly was sure she could see the tendons in Lisa’s wrist tensing and relaxing rhythmically as the girl massaged her private area.

Jessie was being far more subtle. She looked relaxed, almost bored, on the surface. Her knees, on the other hand, were locked together like magnets. Maybe she just naturally sat that way… but no, Kelly knew better. She knew because she felt the same heavy urge to pee, increasingly pressing, increasingly concerning. Mr. Dewey wasn’t the strictest of teachers, but he wouldn’t let them take a second toilet break during the detention after they’d all used their allotted bathroom card so early on. They could only leave the room briefly, to refill their water bottles. So instead the four girls sat in religious silence, waiting for the moment they could leave.

Those five minutes felt longer than an opera to Kelly, but they did end eventually. The instant the door closed behind them, leaving Mr. Dewey alone in the noiseless sweatbox of a detention room, Tori spoke up.

“Thank God that’s over, I have to pee like a racehorse,” she said, hobbling slightly as she walked.

“Tell me about it!” Lisa was right behind her, rushing towards the girl’s bathroom down the hall, “I’ve had more water today than I would in most weeks, and it wants out”.

“I’m just glad there’s four stalls in there,” Tori stuck out a hand to push the bathroom door open. It didn’t budge, not even an inch. Kelly felt her heart miss a beat. Holding had been bearable when she’d believed relief was only down the corridor, but now things looked a lot more serious.

“Sorry, kids,” came a voice from behind, which Kelly recognised immediately as Mr. Tuttle’s, “the janitor’s already locked the bathrooms. School policy”. He kept walking, leaving the four young women to contemplate their fates.

“What are we gonna do?” Jessie asked, looking seriously worried now.

“There’s only one place nearby,” Kelly remembered, “the walk won’t be fun but it’s our best bet”.

“The Max?” Tori asked.

“The Max,” Kelly agreed.

###

Jessie pushed through the door of The Max first, legs still clasped together in an iron grip. In the short time that they had been walking, the four girls could agree on one thing: they were desperate now. She took one look towards the bathroom and felt her heart sink.

“Oh man,” she said, turning back to the others, “you’re not going to like this”.

Tori, Kelly and Lisa slipped in past her, each of them overcome with identical feelings of dismay and despair. The line outside the women’s bathroom was five people long. None of them had ever seen anything quite like it.

“I can’t wait in that line,” Tori said almost immediately. She was bouncing up and down on the spot. “I’ll pee my pants if I stand still for that long”.

“So what are you going to do?” Lisa shot back. Tori thought it over for a second, her eyes focused hard.

“My house is a few blocks away… I can make it a few blocks”. Her words were confident, but Kelly thought her tone seemed uncertain.

“Well, good luck,” Lisa said, “but my place is too far. It’s here or nowhere for me”.

“Good luck to you too,” Tori said with something approaching sincerity. She disappeared out the door and down the street in her funny little desperate dance-walk.

“I’m going to take off too,” Jessie said after a second, squirming and writhing more than ever. The fabric of her green gym shorts slid over itself as her thighs shifted. She started heading towards the door.

“Jessie, your house is even further than mine,” Lisa said, “are you sure you can make it?”

Jessie looked at her with eyes that were almost regretful. It was the look of a woman who had already made up her mind.

“Who said anything about my house?” she said grimly, and followed Tori out the door. In her wake, Lisa turned to Kelly.

“I guess it’s just you and me, then. Who gets first in line?” she asked.

“Rock-paper-scissors?” Kelly suggested, dancing on the spot.

“That’s fair,” Lisa said reluctantly, sticking out her fist. She went with her favoured rock… and Kelly came out on top with a cool paper.

“We’d better get over there,” Kelly said, her victory not doing much to calm her nerves, “if that line gets any longer I might as well just give up and pee my pants right here”.

###

Jessie couldn’t believe what she was about to do.

She cut away from The Max, crossed the road with only a half-hearted glance for cars and darted down the sidewalk determinedly. Years of walking this street had prepared her for this moment. Lisa had had her dead to rights- she wasn't going to make it home, not a chance. In fact (and this was so embarrassing that she knew she could never tell a soul) she had begun to lose control in The Max, seconds before she had rushed off. Her panties were decidedly damp.

Eventually, with the torturous sun beating down on her, Jessie reached the shady alleyway she'd been looking for. It was a narrow thing, the width almost entirely blocked by a dumpster that absolutely reeked. But desperate times call for desperate measures, and oh, if this wasn't a desperate time...

She squeezed past the dumpster, checking first that nobody was looking. On the other side Jessie realised she had no time to waste. It was coming out, ready or not. She hooked a thumb into either side of her deep emarald gym shorts, pulled them down with her panties in one quick motion and squatted- and not a second too soon. As her legs bent her bladder gave out, spurting hot pee onto the tarmac with frightening force. Her stream came out in manic squirts, like a rogue hosepipe. It drenched the grey ground, staining it a deep black. Against her dirty blonde hair, Jessie's cheeks burned from more than just the heat. Soon, once the sheer pleasure of sudden relief subsided, she would feel humiliated by what she'd done.

Soon, she told herself. But not just yet.

###

Within a minute of leaving The Max, Tori knew she’d made a massive mistake. There was no chance whatsoever of holding in the litres of pee her bladder contained without simply exploding. She would have to change plan, and quickly. Frantic, Tori made herself think hard about who she knew that lived in this area. Who could she go to to have the best chance of being let in to use the toilet? The answer came quickly, but it wasn’t one she particularly wanted. Tori tried again to think of somewhere, anywhere else, but it was no use. She only had one option if she wanted to make it to the bathroom.

When she reluctantly knocked on the front door of Zack Morris' house, Tori found herself immensely, oddly relieved to see not Zack but his mom Melanie open it. She was wearing an apron and a smile.

"Tori, dear," she began kindly, "it's a surprise to see you here". It didn't take long, though, for Melanie to realise that Tori was in dire need of a toilet. The girl could barely stand still.

"Hello, Mrs. Morris," Tori said politely, "could I please use your bathroom?"

Instantly, Melanie stepped aside to let Tori through. "Upstairs, on your left," she called.

"Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you," Tori gasped as she jogged up the steps towards relief. She passed Zack, who must have recognised her voice, on the landing. Before he could open his mouth, she cut him off hastily.

"Can't talk- gotta pee!" she explained. For a long, dark while, Tori had genuinely believed that she wouldn't make it in time. But she had managed it. Somehow, barely, she had managed it. Her gym shorts were already around her ankles before she'd locked the bathroom door. The stream that hissed into the toilet bowl was closer to a rapids.

If she had been able to think straight through the throbs of relief, Tori might have realised that Zack could hear her peeing on the other side of the door.

###

“I can’t believe we’re next,” Kelly groaned, “just typical- we finally get to the front of the line and I start leaking”.

“Tell me about it,” Lisa said, “but hey, at least you can’t tell from the front”.

“I can tell, though,” Kelly reminded her. “It helps that you’re just as desperate as me, to be honest”. Lisa nodded, her lips a thin red line.

“I get it. And it sounds like you’re in luck!” On the other side of the wall by which the two bursting girls stood, a muffled toilet flush could be heard. Sure enough, a few seconds later the door opened and an ageing woman stepped out. Kelly rushed in after her, taking in Lisa’s begs to be quick.

She only just got her shorts down in time. Her thong, though, was a lost cause. Kelly’s pee had started in earnest before she could get them off, so she resigned herself to that fate, sitting on the toilet and peeing through it while the near-orgasmic pleasure pulsed inside of her. Within seconds the fabric was soaked through. She spotted a trashcan in the corner through half-lidded eyes and resolved to leave her underwear in there, going home commando. That wouldn’t be so bad in Kelly’s eyes; she was getting new panties soon anyway and besides, she’d always liked the way her gym shorts felt against her bare crotch-

The door flew open and for a second Kelly was overcome with momentary terror. In her urgency she had forgotten to lock it altogether. That panic dissipated when she saw who it was: Lisa, sweat gleaming on her forehead, hand buried deep in her crotch.

“I’m sorry, I can’t hold it!” She announced, clearly too desperate to care who heard. Thinking on her feet, Kelly pointed at the trashcan.

“Pee in there!”

Obediently, and perhaps because she had no choice, Lisa yanked down her shorts and squatted over the plastic bucket. Kelly couldn’t help getting the perfect view of hot pee erupting from her friend. They pissed in tandem, together as their bodies lost control. Slyly, subconsciously, Kelly spread her legs slightly to make sure the view went both ways… if Lisa was so inclined as to look.

“Oh my God, this feels incredible,” Lisa mumbled, “I didn’t expect to be doing this today”.

“You can say that again,” Kelly replied as the pee continued to jet out of them in twin streams at an incredible pressure. “It’s worth it for a feeling like this, though”.

###

*002*2020-09-20 15:12

Here's the rest of the story (so far). This contains sexual content... so if that's not for you, feel free to skip it! I also have to absolutely stress that in this version of the SBtB universe, every character is over 18, including Nicki. This is the case with all of my stories.

###

Lisa watched the bathroom door swing closed as she started to wipe her pussy with two sheets of paper. Kelly had finished pissing long before Lisa was even nearly done, so she’d peeled off her sodden panties, tossed them into the trashcan between Lisa’s spread legs and gone to wait outside for her friend. With the orgasmic feeling of relief finally starting to subside, Lisa came to her senses somewhat. She stood, pulled up her own panties (which had only sustained some minor damage) and picked up the trashcan.

It was heavy and threatened to spill over, and Lisa felt weirdly like she was carrying a bomb. Slowly, carefully, she poured the pee down the sink, using her hand as a filter to stop anything larger falling out. But there was only one solid item inside: Kelly’s soaked underwear. They hadn’t landed in Lisa’s pool of pee. Instead they’d been caught on the edge and had rested there. Lisa didn’t know why, but she liked that. She reached out with one hand, intending to nudge the panties back into the bin… and instead felt her fingers close around the gusset. Something subconscious had made her pick them up.

A knock on the door made Lisa jump. It was Kelly’s voice.

“Hurry up Lis, I have to get home!”

With no time to think- and perhaps that was a good thing- Lisa pocketed the panties and left the room.

###

As she said her goodbyes to Kelly and headed home, something about the knowledge that the girl’s dirty underwear sat in her pocket made Lisa feel short of breath. Throughout the walk back to her place she kept slipping a sly hand into the pocket and feeling the fabric, alternately wet and warm and dry and cool, using her fingers to identify the places where Kelly’s pee had socked through and the spots which had been spared. And as she walked, another wetness formed in her own underwear.

Lisa masturbated. It wasn’t a secret, not really, not even if she and her friends never talked about it. They all masturbated, she was sure of it. It was a fact of life, really, wasn’t it? Everyone did it. But she wasn’t a regular masturbator, not by any stretch. She only did it a few times a month when she was in a particularly tingly mood, usually in bed, sometimes in the shower. For the most part it was like scratching an itch. Today, though, felt different. Today she was horny. Whether it was the feeling of relief, the sight of Kelly’s exposed pussy or the feel of her friend’s hot panties (and she suspected it was this last one), Lisa was desperate to get home and get off.

She practically burst through the front door into the home she knew was mercifully empty. Dark hair bouncing off her back, Lisa jogged up the stairs to her room, locked herself inside and finally fished the panties out of her pocket. She knew- had known all along, on some level- what she wanted to do. As soon as she was sure nobody could see her, she held Kelly’s ruined underwear up to her nose and inhaled deeply. The smell was incredible. It was tangy, unmistakably the scent of pee, with just a hint of what she called pussy-juice. Then, in the pure naughtiness of it all, another thought crossed Lisa’s mind. It was wrong- so wrong- but she had to do it. Holding the wet fabric close, she stuck out her tongue and licked the wet part.

It was too much for Lisa to handle for a second longer. Tasting the pee on her tongue, she jammed a hand down the front of her gym shorts and beneath her panties, searching for her pussy. She found it in a second, as warm and wet as she’d expected. There was enough wetness on her crotch that she felt as if she was the one who had pissed herself. Her fingers plunged inside of her, massaging and gathering as much slippery juice as she could muster, before pulling out again and dragging all the wetness to her clitoris. There, she got to work.

Usually Lisa liked to take it slow when she played with herself but today there was no time for such niceties. She simply had to cum soon. So, she drove at her pussy in hard, expertly-sized circles around the clit, feeling the tension build and build. She was getting close within seconds. Lisa breathed through her nose again, more deeply this time, taking in the smell once more. This time the scent of sex was stronger, but she knew most of that came from her own pussy. Right on the edge of orgasm, Lisa could feel that one more naughty move would push her to the edge. Taken over by an animalistic, almost slutty instinct, Lisa stuck out her tongue once again and licked along the entire length of Kelly’s panties.

She came to her orgasm all at once, having to make a conscious effort not to moan. Drawing in deep, raggedy breaths, leaning against her bedroom door like she was barricading the world out from her own naughtiness, she felt waves of pleasure take over her body. When they finally subsided she straightened up and started carrying out a plan she didn’t even realise she’d had. It wasn’t something that Lisa had thought about in advance. It was just something that some energy deep in her desperately wanted to do.

In general, Lisa would feel something akin to shame after an orgasm, especially when her stimulus was something so private. This time, though, she moved methodically, quickly. She needed more. Lisa went to her chest of drawers, opened the top one and took out two items. The first was a silky black pair of boxer shorts, the second a sky-blue satin set of jogging shorts. These were her naughty clothes, her I’m-a-bad-girl clothes. Her biggest secret, the one she could never tell anyone. Her masturbating clothes.

She laid them out on her bed to wait for her, along with the thong. Next, leaving her already-worn shorts on the bedroom floor, she walked half-naked to the kitchen and poured a jug of water. She filled up a cup, drank it quickly and filled it again. Once it was drained, she carried the rest of the jug and the glass upstairs and set them on her dresser. Finally, she picked up the still-wet thong that had earlier that day belonged to her close friend and stepped into it, pulling it up tight around her waist. It felt damp on her pussy where Kelly hadn’t made it in time. Soon it would feel even damper.

Lisa took her time putting on the boxers and blue shorts, and yet she knew it wouldn’t take long for the water to have an effect. She poured herself a third cup of water, then a fourth, leaving gaps in-between to avoid over-hydration. As she waited, Lisa began to tease herself, rubbing her nipples through the thin fabric of the sweaty top she’d worn in gym class. They were rock hard before she’d even got her fingers there, purely from the thought of what was coming next. Her bladder was filling rapidly. And, what’s more, Lisa was acutely aware that her pussy was hot and wet once again.

After an hour, Lisa had her fifth glass of water. She knew from the heaviness in her bladder that it would be the last one she needed. It was time to start the fun. The anticipation was almost killing her, and she had struggled for too long not to touch herself. But now she could give in to temptation.

By the time her hand snaked back inside her panties and started to rub once again, there could be no denying that Lisa was desperate to take a leak. It wasn’t the first time she’d touched herself while desperate to pee- once, as an experiment, she’d done it in the shower. The result had been an explosion of cum and piss that had felt amazing, but left her eternally grateful that she hadn’t tried it in her bedroom. This time she wanted that explosion- no, she needed it, needed to feel what it would have been like if she had waited just a second longer before barging into the bathroom and pissing in that trashcan in front of Kelly. The relief had been immense, but even then a small part of her hand wondered how it might have felt if she’d done it in her gym shorts. Now she had the perfect chance to find out.

A low moan escaped Lisa’s lips as her soft fingertips found her clit once again. It was swollen, poking out, desperate to be touched. It was rare that the sexual part of Lisa’s body wasn’t satisfied with one round of wanking but today was one of those times. She still ached with the need to cum, to get that release before going back to her good-girl lifestyle and persuading everyone that she was sweet innocent. Lying flat on the bed, she picked up the pace, realising quickly that she would do well to cum before she wet herself. Lisa was desperate to pee and she was desperate to finish, and it was like the two urges were intertwined somehow, locked together and yet racing and battling to see which would overcome her control first. With her free hand she stroked the satin of the blue shorts, then kept moving upwards and found her breasts once again, kneading them like dough as the intensity climbed.

Lisa was used to touching herself lying in bed, but that raw instinctive monster that had driven her to steal the panties and put them on in the first place told her she needed to stand this time. When she pissed Kelly’s panties, not to mention her own clothes, she wanted to feel the full weight of gravity like she would have done in a real accident. She wanted to feel the hot piss flowing down her thighs and around her bare feet. And it was going to happen soon. Whether she liked it or not, as she stood there nearing orgasm her pee was on the edge of escape.

The first leak didn’t come as a surprise, but she was shocked by how it made her feel. When it happened, she had been standing on the rug in the centre of her room and using the base of her palm to roll over her clitoris. A hot jet of pee spurted from her urethra and sprayed unpermitted against her skin, sending an electric jolt of arousal down her spine and turning her toes warm. Masturbating had never felt so good to her before. Her hands were working the physical side of things, her bladder the mental side and her soft satin shorts played both roles. As she rubbed, she felt the second leak squirt out, drip down her fingers and onto her thighs. It nearly made her cum by itself.

In fact, the only thing holding back her orgasm was the heavy feeling in her bladder. Lisa couldn't wait any longer, not to cum nor to pee. Speeding up her frantic circles once again, she relented control of her pee and let the floodgates open. It erupted out of her, cascading through the material of her silk boxers, coating her thighs on the way to the floor. She came hard, this time totally unable to suppress a moan that became a shriek of pleasure, and still Lisa Turtle kept pissing. It drenched her downstairs region, even getting into her pubic hair, and dripped onto her toes. For half a minute, the powerful second orgasm wiped the ability to think of anything else from Lisa's mind, and still when it faded she was peeing.

Once the stream, mixed with juices, began at last to turn into a dribble, she started regaining her breath.

###

Tori Scott couldn’t believe she’d gotten herself into the same situation two days in a row. The heat hadn’t let up since yesterday’s detention, but the air was a little less humid and Mr. Belding had determined that gym classes were safe to continue. Still, though, the students were encouraged to drink plenty of cold water to avoid heatstroke or dehydration, and Tori had no choice but to comply, especially as the alternative was sweating to death in the gym. Inevitably, all that water had gotten her desperate for the toilet yet again.

They were playing basketball, but Tori felt more than a little like the only basketball she was getting much contact with was her bladder, which felt stretched and heavy beyond belief. The gym teachers were far from lenient with bathroom breaks and Tori hadn’t even bothered asking them if she could go. She knew perfectly well that it would be a ‘no’, so instead she held it in, jogging half-heartedly around the room and getting involved in the game only when she absolutely had to. Under the watchful eye of the teacher, she didn’t want to openly give up playing, but was feeling increasingly like too much movement would spell the end for her bursting bladder.

On her team were Kelly, Jessie and Lisa- they played four-a-side because of the class size, and the losing team always had to stay behind to pack up the equipment. The team selection was no coincidence, as Lisa had been given the job of picking the side on this particular day and had immediately gone for the three of them. It was the final class of the day, which gave Tori some cause for comfort, because at least relief wasn’t far away. She couldn’t end up in the same situation as yesterday. Having to relieve herself in the same house as Zack and his mom had been humiliating, even if she’d had no choice.

Tori forced her attention back to the game. They were losing, and badly. There was no chance they could pull it back, and Tori wished she could be more useful to her teammates, but the ocean sloshing around inside her wasn’t letting up. When the teacher finally blew the last whistle, as Tori’s desperation was beginning to peak, it was a welcome sound.

“Okay, good game, ladies,” he called, “Lisa’s team, stay here and pack up, you know the drill”. He left them to it, heading away to the offices while the winning team filtered out towards the locker room, dripping with sweat. Tori knew that they would not stick around to shower- nobody ever did when gym was the final class of the day, as going home was the far more appealing option. Instead, they’d surely be gone by the time Tori and her friends were done packing up.

They set about collecting bibs, pulling the folding hoops away from the indoor court and into the storage cupboards, gathering basketballs. With the pain in her bladder, this went from an easy job to a genuinely scary experience for Tori.

“Well, we sucked”. Lisa broke the silence.

“Sorry, girls,” Kelly said earnestly, “I had to pee so bad that entire game, I couldn’t concentrate on playing”. Tori looked a little closer at Kelly and realised that the girl was squirming, not dissimilar to how she had yesterday.

“Me too,” agreed Jessie, “I’ve drunk so much water today, every step felt like I was gonna pee my pants”.

“Yeah, I really have to go as well,” Lisa admitted.

“So do I, so let’s get this packed away so we can take a leak”. Tori wasn’t in the mood for waiting around- she didn’t have time.

“I don’t even know if I’m gonna make it that long,” Kelly said. Tori could hear the concern in her voice, and when she looked up her friend’s eyes were wide and panicked.

“Me neither, I think I’m actually even more desperate than I was yesterday,” said Jessie.

“Where did you pee yesterday?” There was suspicion in Tori’s voice as she continued packing up.

“It doesn’t matter,” Jessie replied, her cheeks burning.

“Tell us,” Tori pressed, sounding like a detective in an interrogation.

“Fine,” Jessie said in a small voice, “I knew I wasn’t gonna make it home so I went behind the dumpster near The Max”.

“Woah, and I thought my story was embarrassing,” Tori said with a laugh, “what about you, Lisa?”

“I went in the bathroom in The Max,” Lisa said. It was a truthful statement, although she neglected to mention that her pee had ended up in in a trashcan and she hoped Kelly wouldn’t bring that up. “Then I went home and… well, never mind”. By this point the four women had finally finished tidying the gym, and they headed for the locker room with a pregnant sense of anticipation.

Just as Tori had predicted, the changing room was totally empty by the time they got there. All that remained was four bags, one for each woman, containing their regular clothes, textbooks and stationary. There was also four plastic water bottles that had been filled to the brim at least once an hour all day. She burst in through the door, followed closely by Lisa, then Kelly. But when she turned to find out where Jessie had gotten to, what she saw shocked her.

Jessie was standing in the hall just outside the locker room with a hand buried so deep in her crotch that she could probably find her G-Spot. She seemed paralysed by desperation, unable to walk another step. The girl looked up at Tori with eyes like a rabbit in headlights. It was a look that plainly said I’m caught! I waited too long and now I can’t hold it.

Jolted into action by a combination of concern for her friend and her own pulsing urge to pee, Tori grabbed Jessie’s arm. The other two girls had cottoned on to what was happening and gathered behind Tori.

“Jessie, come on,” Lisa said soothingly, trying to hide her own desperation.

“No,” Jessie moaned, “if I move I’m gonna pee myself”. Tori could see that she meant it. It was time for some tough love.

“But if you stand still all day you’ll pee yourself anyway, right?” Tori tightened her grip on Jessie’s wrist and put on her most persuasive voice. “If you get in here and have an accident then it’s okay, only we’ll see”.

That point seemed to finally win Jessie over. Tori could see that the girl was on the verge of a serious flooding, but Jessie gathered her courage and took the final few steps into the room. Tori shut the door behind her third friend and moved the nearby trashcan to act as a barricade from anyone coming in, a common trick that the girls had learned over the years. Nobody else could come in, and that, at least, was a small mercy.

She turned away from the door, having only been looking at it for a few seconds, and realised that they had indeed been too late for Jessie. As she watched, a wet patch was starting to form in the front of Jessie’s blue gym shorts, growing rapidly. Pee saturated the girl’s clothes, dripping out the front and down her toned, smooth thighs. She stood there bow-legged, trying and failing to stem the flow. One hand flew to her crotch and grabbed her pussy, kneading it in a desperate last-gasp attempt to stop pissing herself, but the hot liquid simply ran between her fingers.

“Oh God, I can’t hold it!” came the cry that echoed around the locker room- but not from Jessie. While she stood there quietly losing control, it was Lisa who had just yelled out that she was bursting. Tori turned her head to Lisa and saw the dark-haired girl standing in a growing puddle of her own making, the flow running in rivulets down her bare legs.

“Shit, me too!” Kelly had made it almost all the way across the room towards the toilet stalls, but at the last hurdle she’d fallen badly. For some reason, watching Kelly wet herself was what sent Tori over the edge. Not Jessie, not Lisa, but Kelly. The sight of this beautiful woman shooting a jet of piss through her thin shorts and onto the floor took away the final strands of Tori’s control. She felt the front of her panties go wet, but she couldn’t stop it. Her eyes were firmly devoted to her three friends, who were all pissing in tandem, having simultaneous accidents in a golden, wet trio that she was now turning into a quartet.

“Tori, you as well?” Jessie asked.

“Uh-huh,” Tori mumbled, closing her eyes. The sheer relief was beyond description, filling her veins with pleasure and- was that? No, it couldn’t be… was that arousal she was feeling? Underneath the beautiful feeling of emptying her bladder into her clothes, was she getting horny?

Yes, yes she was. The realisation came as a real shock to Tori. She was getting turned on by wetting herself in sync with three of her closest friends. As subtly as possible- and realising nobody would notice- she brushed the back of one hand across her left breast. Even through her top and sports bra, she could feel her nipple growing rock hard. She didn’t know why she said what she said next. It just came out, blurted out in the way a small child might blurt out an insensitive question.

“Is anyone else getting turned on right now?” she asked, almost immediately regretting opening her trap. But that regret disappeared quickly when nobody reacted with disgust or laughter. Instead a short silence fell across the room. It was Lisa who broke it.

“…Yeah,” she confessed. “I don’t know why but I’m pretty sure I’m getting horny”.

“Honestly, guys?” Kelly agreed, “me too, which is so not what I expected”.

“I’m so glad you all said it first,” Jessie said with a small smile, “I think I’m wet in more ways than one, if you know what I mean”. That did raise a small laugh, but it was a nervous one, one charged with awkward energy.

“Maybe it was the relief of peeing after being so desperate?” Tori suggested, looking for some kind of rationale. She was undeniably horny now, and the admissions of the others had only made her more so, especially Jessie’s wetness comment.

“Maybe, or it might be because of the shared experience,” Lisa said tentatively.

“Whatever it is, I think I know what I’m going to do when I get home,” Jessie said, earning another gale of laughter.

“Me too”.

“And me”.

“Shame home is so far away,” Tori said sadly. “I hate having to wait when I’m in the mood”.

The other girls murmured their agreement, but what followed was the longest silence yet. It was the kind of silence where everyone in the room knows what the others are thinking, and everyone knows that everyone knows what they’re thinking as well. Tori certainly knew what she was thinking. All she needed was someone brave enough to break the ice. After twenty seconds or so, Lisa did.

“Aw, screw it,” she said… and plunged a hand beneath her soaked gym shorts and into her panties. It took her an instant to find the right spot, even amongst the wetness of her recently-erupted piss. When she tilted her head back, eyes half-lidded, mouth open, a sigh of relief escaped her lips and her wrist started working a circular motion that every girl in the room recognised.

“Lisa!” Kelly cried, shocked.

“I don’t care,” Lisa said honestly as she played with herself, “I’m horny, you’re all horny, I gotta cum. I’m just gonna do it,” she declared.

“Well fuck it, if you’re cumming I’m cumming,” Tori said, and joined Lisa in the dirty act of self-pleasure. There was one big difference in the way she did it- Tori’s left hand went instinctively to her right breast and massaged the flesh while her other hand found her clitoris.

“Oh man, why is this so hot?” Jessie slipped her fingers deftly under the waistband of her shorts and started rubbing. The first contact felt so good that she moaned out loud completely accidentally.

“Well, I don’t wanna be the only one not masturbating,” Kelly said, following the footsteps of her friends. After a short while she said, “Okay, I’ll admit it, this feels really good”.

Jessie moaned again. “Tell me about it,” she intoned, “I would kill to have my electric toothbrush here right now”.

“Not me,” Lisa said, her voice getting more and more erratic as she got closer to the peak of the mountain, “I’m a fingers-only kind of girl”.

“I’m definitely a fingers-only kind of girl,” Kelly agreed.

“You two must have never tried a dildo,” Tori smirked, “Oh, shit, I’m gonna cum”.

“Already?”

“Yeah, it’s happening so fast,” she moaned, short of breath, “I’m edging as long as I can, you three had better catch up”.

“I’m almost there,” Lisa announced.

“I’m so close,” Kelly added.

“Oh, fuck, me too” Jessie said, her hips starting to buck while the rubbing of her fingers reached fever pitch.

“I’m cumming, I can’t hold it anymore!” Tori was struggling to get the words out, but the pitch of her voice was evidence that she had indeed reached orgasm. The sound of Tori saying she was cumming set off a chain reaction- Kelly came right after Tori, hitching in waves of ecstasy, and then Jessie and Lisa, adding yet more juices to their pee-drenched gym shorts. Tori watched as each of them came, one, two, three, like fireworks in a night sky, finding each one almost impossibly arousing and sensual. She couldn’t remember ever cumming so fast, and rarely so hard.

Eventually, finally, the orgasms subsided. It was Lisa who was last to come back to reality, withdrawing her hand from her panties with an almost disappointed demeanour. For a minute nobody said anything. Then:

“Fuck me,” Tori whispered.

“That was so good,” Lisa said, smiling sweetly.

“I agree, but we can never tell anyone about this. We could get kicked out of the school”.

“Kelly’s right,” Jessie said, “it has to be our secret”.

“And next time let’s not do it in the school locker rooms?” Lisa suggested.

They laughed and nodded, and not one of them questioned that there would most definitely be a next time.

###

Jessie showed up at Kelly’s house wearing a cute pair of shorts and a pink t-shirt. She was the last to arrive, just as darkness started to fall over California, which at this time of year meant it was near enough eight ‘o’ clock. Tori and Lisa had turned up within the last half an hour, both dressed for the hot weather and carrying their plastic water bottles. The plan was a simple one on the surface: a slumber party between the four of them. They could watch movies, order food, eat popcorn and talk.

Kelly’s parents were more than happy to let her use their house for the sleepover. In fact, they were more than a little relieved that Kelly was having friends over, as they sometimes worried about her social life. What they could never have guessed was just what else the girls were planning on doing during the party, nor the true purpose of those plastic bottles. It wasn’t their problem, anyway; they were going away to visit family for the night, so Kelly and her friends could have some time to themselves.

Kelly greeted each of them with a hug and a smile before welcoming them into her front room. This spacious area would be the central hub of the party, because there were two couches for sleeping on and an inflated double air mattress lying in the centre of the carpet. There was the TV, windows with thick curtains and a coffee table for drinks. In short, it was the ideal place to hold a sleepover.

None of the girls had talked explicitly about what they might be experimenting with over the course of the night. They didn’t need to; it was simply there, hanging in the air unspoken, but all four women were well aware of the probabilities. It wasn’t a coincidence that they’d decided to have a rare slumber party just a few days after the highly sensual encounter in the locker room, after all. They hadn’t spoken about that since, but each had thought about it plenty in private. Though they hadn’t admitted the fact yet, all four had masturbated to the memory of those events at least once. Tonight they were keen to make new memories.

Jessie lay down her sleeping bag on one of the sofas, with Tori stretched out on the other. Lisa and Kelly had had no qualms with sharing the air mattress on the floor. The others stood to greet Jessie when she arrived, embracing her and beginning the conversation. They talked about what food they should get, what drinks they needed… and when, eventually, Lisa became the first to poke at their real intentions, nobody resisted.

“I wanna start drinking water soon,” she said casually, “just so… you know”.

“Yeah, good idea,” Kelly agreed, “if we’re gonna do… well, what we did the other day, we should start filling up”. She offered to take each bottle to the kitchen and fill them with cold water. While she was gone, Tori turned to Jessie and smirked.

“I sure am glad Kelly’s parents aren’t in,” she said, “I would hate to have them walk in on us”.

“Oh, me too. I don’t think they’d appreciate the disregard for their carpet”.

###

“I’m starting to feel it now,” said Lisa, rubbing her abdomen.

They had been sitting around, drinking water and watching bad TV, for half an hour. In that time nobody had mentioned what they were going to do later. They’d discussed almost anything but their exploits in the locker room earlier that week; from boys and teachers to movies and music, but Lisa’s casual confession signalled the shift in topic that they had all been eagerly awaiting.

“Me too,” Kelly agreed, “just a little twinge”.

“I don’t feel anything yet,” Tori complained. There was a twinge of sadness in her voice, but Lisa just laughed.

“You’d better start drinking faster, then,” she ordered, “I’m already at the point where I’d usually just get up and go to the bathroom so it sounds like you need to catch up”.

“Or maybe you need to slow down,” Jessie smirked. “Anyway, it won’t be long before we’re all desperate at this rate. All of last week, when we were drinking like six bottles a day, I was peeing like a leaky faucet”.

“Tell me about it!” exclaimed Kelly, “I lost count of how many times I almost pissed myself”.

“What about the time you actually did piss yourself?”

“Well, yeah, that too. But none of us made it that day,” she pointed out.

“I think I could’ve made it,” Kelly said quietly. Everyone looked at her curiously. Lisa asked her what she meant. “Well, I was only a few feet from the toilet,” she explained, “I probably could’ve made it. But when everyone else started wetting themselves I just kind of… gave up”.

For a few seconds there was a stunned silence. Then, Tori spoke up.

“You mean you peed your pants on purpose?”

“Uh, maybe. Kind of,” Kelly said. Then: “okay, yes, I did”.

“That’s hot,” Tori blurted out.

“How? Everyone was desperate to go and I just didn’t wanna be the only one who didn’t have an accident. It felt so good to let it out that I didn’t even care, honestly”. Kelly shifted uncomfortably in her seat; not for the first time, Lisa got the idea that her friend wasn’t telling them the whole truth.

“I can’t believe how bursting I was that day,” Jessie said, “I mean, I couldn’t even move. Tori saved my ass- Tori, are you touching yourself?”

At the mention of Tori’s name, all three other women had instinctively looked over at her and had caught her red-handed, one palm gently kneading her left breast in what she had clearly thought was a subtle way. When they looked around she dropped it, looking sheepish.

“Sorry,” she stammered, red in the face, “Kelly’s story was turning me on”. Absentmindedly, her hand rose back up towards her chest, but Jessie leaned over and slapped it away playfully.

“No way,” she ordered, “we save that for later”.

###

It was ten ‘o’ clock when things started to truly kick off. In the two hours since they’d arrived, Tori, Jessie and Kelly had drunk two water bottles each. Lisa had polished off three and a half. She wasn’t the biggest girl, Tori reflected, but she sure could drink. Pizza had been ordered, arrived and demolished in around ten minutes by the quartet of young women. They’d finished one movie and were picking another, but each had something far more pressing on their mind.

“Okay, I really have to pee now,” Kelly admitted. She was visibly squirming, one leg crossed over the other, holding her water bottle in one hand.

“Me too, I think my eyeballs are floating,” Tori said.

Jessie nodded in agreement. “You guys mind if I hold myself? It might help keep it in”. When nobody protested, she thanked them all and slipped a hand between her thighs, where it gripped her crotch firmly. The contact of her hand on her privates, even through the fabric of her clothes, felt nice. “That’s so much better, you should try it!”

Tori and Lisa followed her lead, but Kelly didn’t. “If I uncross my legs I think I’m gonna leak,” she explained.

“Oh, hun, I leaked about five minutes ago,” Tori said dismissively. She moved her hand from her pussy for a few seconds and suddenly they could see it clearly: a wet patch on her crotch around the size of a dime, a circle of indigo against the light blue leggings. Nobody understood how they hadn’t noticed it before.

“You kept that quiet!” Kelly gasped.

“I was so engrossed in the conversation, I barely noticed it come out,” Tori shrugged.

“Damn, girl, that makes me want to pee bad”.

“Me too”.

“Uh, guys? I’m not sure I can hold it much longer,” Lisa said, “you know that feeling when it’s right there waiting to come out?”

“I got that feeling right now,” agreed Tori. She was dancing in her seat.

“It feels kinda good though, doesn’t it?”

“Mmm, yeah. Wrong but good”.

Lisa sat up straight in her chair and for the first time her friends got a good look at her nipples, which were like hard little rocks poking through the fabric of her thin top.

“Screw it, you guys, I’m gonna masturbate. I’m too horny not to,” she said.

“Trust you to be the first to say it!” Kelly laughed.

“You should all join me,” she teased with a flirtatious smile. Jessie leaned over and fished something long and blue out of her bag. Quickly, Lisa recognised it as an electric toothbrush.

“Who wants a go with this baby?” Jessie asked, holding it up to them, “we’ll be passing it around like a cigarette once you realise how good it feels”.

Tori was unbuttoning her jeans and sliding them down slightly for easier access. “I’ll try it later,” she promised.

“I’ll warn you all now,” Lisa said cautiously, “I’m pretty sure I’m gonna pee myself as soon as I cum”.

Tori laughed at this. “I’m pretty sure I’m gonna pee myself long before then, I’m absolutely dying”.

“I feel like I’m gonna wet any second now,” groaned Jessie. She was doubled over slightly in her seat, hand reaching down her undies to hold herself more firmly. She nodded towards the toothbrush, which had been set on the armrest to her right. “Who wants first try?”

“Me, please,” Lisa said eagerly. She was the horniest of all of them, which was no easy feat. She snatched up the toothbrush as if it was the antidote to some kind of poison and found the button easily. To her it was like scratching some urgent itch. When she slipped the buzzing instrument below her waistband and closed her eyes, she purred softly with the instant gratification it provided. “Oh God, I’m gonna piss soon but I don’t care, it just feels so good”.

By now, all of the women had given up trying to restrain themselves. Tori was openly playing with her breasts, Jessie rolled her hips with increasing urgency to hump her hand and Kelly kept rubbing herself in consistent little circles. A symphony of moans built up between the quartet as they headed towards a crescendo, until-

“Oh, shit, I’m peeing!”

Tori leapt to her feet, hands still frozen on her boobs in shock, piss squirting from between her legs in manic spurts. It sprayed straight through her thin clothing, saturating the fabric and landing in scattered droplets on the carpet. A second leak followed closely behind, then a third… and then the dam burst. She soaked herself in front of her friends, totally unable to regain control.

“I couldn’t hold it, guys, I was so desperate!”

Ordinarily this would have mortified Tori, but tonight she was enjoying it far too much to care. At some point as she wet herself, Tori’s fingers went back to her breasts and continued to rub. Frustrated by the cotton barrier she stripped off her pyjama top and started going at it on her now-bare nipples, not caring who saw. The sight was too much to bear, and Lisa felt her orgasm erupt like a volcano.

“I’m cumming! Fuck, Tori!” She cried, convulsing with powerful waves. As she finished, she retrieved the toothbrush from her underwear and handed it to the waiting Jessie. Lisa’s orgasm continued long after Jessie had started vibrating on her own clitoris, and soon enough Lisa’s prediction came through. She felt the hot pee flowing against her thighs, pooling between her legs on the sofa, even though her pussy was too numb from the orgasm to feel it coming out. It kept going for what felt like over a minute.

“Me too!” Kelly hadn’t taken long to find her rhythm and the finish was inevitable. Feeling almost as if she was going to squirt, her hand turned hot and wet as she hit the climax. “Fuck, and I’m peeing too!”

She jumped up from her seat as Tori had done and the two stood side by side, one finishing an accident, the other just beginning theirs.

“I can’t hold it much longer!” Jessie cried out. Lisa, finally recovered from her orgasm, reached over and pressed down cheekily on Jessie’s swollen bladder. That was the final straw. Jessie lost control completely just as Tori came, having barely touched her cunt at all. She alerted them all to this with the loudest groan of the night, a high-pitched shriek that could only signal an orgasm. Every woman in the room turned and gazed in amazement at Tori’s noisy ecstasy. Jessie couldn’t take her eyes off the cumming Tori even while she flooded her seat.

“Jessie, you need to cum too,” encouraged Tori, grinning in the comedown from her finish. Jessie smiled back, loving the feeling of wetting herself.

“Yeah, hand me that toothbrush,” she said, immediately shoving it down her waistband and turning it on. With all eyes on her, it took only a few seconds for Jessie to hit her limit, and she came screaming as her friends watched in arousal.

When she had finished, the room smelling strongly of pee and sweat, the four girls sat in a happy silence for a minute. Then, once they had their breaths back, Kelly got to her feet and picked up her water bottle.

“Okay, girls, hand me those bottles,” she said, “we need to get ready for round two”.

####

“It’s probably a good time to think about getting changed,” Kelly pointed out when she returned, “I don’t wanna stay in these wet clothes too long and it’s getting pretty late”. It had been around forty minutes since she had returned the plastic bottles to their owners, each now filled to the brim with cold water.

Lisa picked up her bagpack from the floor next to her feet and dumped it on her lap. She unzipped it and fished out a cute set of silky purple pyjamas. Kelly bent over to retrieve her own pair from where she’d left them earlier that day in preparation, although hers were sky blue rather than violet. Soon Tori had started changing into some red pyjamas and Jessie a bubblegum pink set.

None of the girls felt particularly squeamish about getting changed in front of one another- after all, with all they had seen and done together over the last few days nudity was relatively tame, and they’d seen it all before in the locker room anyway. However, Lisa reflected as they started to strip off their wet things, there was something very different about looking at them all now. She’d never paid much attention to the way Kelly’s breasts bounced, or the chestnut patch of hair above Tori’s slit. Taking it all in now made her feel aroused again so soon. They were gorgeous women, she realised then. She also realised then that she couldn’t take off her shorts in front of them for one very serious reason.

Instead she put it off, taking her time in peeling off her top. The hem of her t-shirt had not remained dry during the soaking she had given her underwear… well, Kelly’s underwear. She left the t-shirt on the pile of clothes that needed washing and drying overnight, which by then included almost everything the other girls had been wearing. Lisa was the last of the four to reach behind her back and unhook her bra, exposing her pert boobs. She’d never exactly been boastful about her breasts, but she liked them well enough. They weren’t massive- but they got the job done. More than a handful’s wasted, Lisa thought. Although there was certainly more than a handful on offer on Kelly’s chest, and Jessie’s too, and she certainly wouldn’t mind the waste on those babies.

Lisa was aware that her thoughts were growing increasingly homoerotic, but she didn’t care as long as it kept turning her on. Sadly, though, she had to banish those images from her mind when she realised the other three were staring at her. All of them, at that point, were naked. All except Lisa. She looked around at three pairs of stiff little nipples, three vastly different pussies… it was like reading the menu at a restaurant where she wanted to eat everything. Where are these thoughts coming from? she asked herself accusingly.

“Are you gonna take off the shorts?” Tori asked pointedly.

“Uh…” Lisa had no idea what to say, “maybe in a bit”.

“You can’t stay in those, you’ll get a rash,” said Jessie, “just strip them off. C’mon, Lisa, we’ve all seen it before”. Lisa couldn’t see anyway out of the situation she’d engineered.

“Okay, fine, but you have to promise me something first”.

“What?”

“You have to promise me you won’t judge me, or laugh, or think I’m creepy”. She spoke mainly to Kelly as she said this, but wanted the others to agree too. Quickly, they all promised. Lisa thought dryly that they had no idea what they were agreeing to. They probably thought she’d got a piercing or a butt tattoo.

Slowly, wishing she could do it anywhere else, she edged her shorts down her thighs until they were around her knees. Jessie and Tori had no idea what they were supposed to be looking at, but Kelly was staring as if she’d seen a ghost.

“That’s my thong,” she said bluntly, unable to believe what she was saying.

“Yeah”

“You’re wearing my thong? The one I threw out ‘cause I peed in them after detention?”

“Yeah. Sorry,” Lisa said awkwardly, before rushing to explain. “After you threw them out I didn’t want to just leave them there for someone else to deal with, so I took them home, and I ended up trying it on, and it fit”.

“Wait,” Tori frowned, “you both pissed in that thong?”

Lisa nodded glumly. She was sure that Kelly was taking this badly. But what her friend did next was the last thing Lisa had expected. The other girl stepped closer, reached out one hand and stroked the crotch of the thong with a single shaking finger. Lisa shuddered.

“Careful, Kelly, you just hit my clit,” she warned.

“Maybe I wanted to,” Kelly said evenly.

“You’re not mad?”

Kelly gave her a small, sheepish smile. “No,” she said, “I’m not mad. I actually think it’s… really hot”.

Lisa felt her slit grow even wetter, and not with pee. “You do?”

Kelly moved closer. “Yeah, and I don’t know why. It just turns me on like crazy,” she turned back to the others, “does that make me weird?”

Jessie shook her head; Tori concurred.

“It doesn’t make you weird,” she said, “but I do think that thong needs to come off now, Lisa, the rest of us are all naked”.

“Yeah, and I already really have to pee again,” Jessie added.

“Me too,” this was Kelly, “I think my bladder’s still tired out from last time”.

“Guys?” Lisa suggested, hardly believing the words were coming out of her mouth, “what if we… take things up a notch?”

The other three girls shot her looks that could’ve been confusion, fear or eagerness- it was hard to tell.

“Up a notch? How so?”

“Well… we’ve already seen each other pee ourselves and masturbate. What if we took it past watching each other and started experimenting together?”

Kelly was wide-eyed. Her mind was concerned, Lisa knew, but her body was horny, and horny ruled in the end.

“Let’s do it,” she said swiftly.

###

“Okay,” Lisa said, her confidence returning now the others had responded enthusiastically, “we need to talk this through- we need boundaries, so we know what we can and can’t do”.

“I don’t think there’s time for that, Lis,” Jessie said. She was bouncing up and down frantically, legs jiggling while she moved, “I’m really desperate. I can’t hold it in much longer”.

“Nor me,” Tori added, “it’s gone from a five to a nine out of ten real fast”. The dark-haired girl had a hand buried in her unclothed crotch. Lisa found herself imagining that one of Tori’s fingers was inside her. Lisa turned to Kelly, who looked like she was running on adrenaline.

“They’re right, Lisa,” Kelly said, “I don’t have time for a negotiation. I’m dying to pee”.

Lisa found herself knocked a touch off-course at this, but she quickly recovered and changed tack. “Right, okay,” she said, “in that case we’ll just go with the flow?”

“Don’t say flow!” Jessie pleaded, her knees knocked together, “but yeah, I’m happy with that”.

Tori and Kelly rapidly nodded their consent.

“So how do we start?” Jessie asked earnestly. Lisa froze up a little. They were looking, she realised, to her for some kind of inspiration. They saw her as the one who knew what she was doing in this situation. The only thing she could think to do was let her body make the decisions for her. She took a nervous step towards Kelly, so they were so close that she could smell Kelly’s fruity breath. Kelly must’ve known what Lisa was thinking, understood that she was hesitant, because she smiled a small smile and gave a reassuring nod. That was all the encouragement Lisa needed.

She put her hands on Kelly’s naked hips and kissed her. Their eyes closed as lips locked, hands started to slide across smooth skin, and Lisa succeeded in eliciting a moan from her friend. Tori and Jessie stood and watched, growing increasingly horny at the sight of it in spite of their own desperation. Kelly seized one of Lisa’s wrists and forcefully planted her hand on Kelly’s left breast, where it automatically began to rub and caress. Horny beyond belief by now, Lisa walked forward as they made out, backing Kelly up against the couch until the two fell onto it, Kelly lying on her back and Lisa on top, sitting on the dark-haired girl’s midriff, kissing her still.

Kelly opened her eyes briefly to steal a glimpse of Lisa’s boobs, which were dangling tantalisingly close to her own. She could see the dark triangle of Lisa’s cunt between her legs- a target. Stretching her arm, she could just about reach far enough to cross a new boundary. Kelly found the swollen little shape of Lisa’s clit with ease and started to rub in circles. On top, the girl moaned loudly into Kelly’s mouth.

“You know that feels good, Kelly,” she purred, “but you have to stop, or I’ll pee on you”.

Kelly did not stop. She was far too caught up in the erotic chaos of the evening to stop. Instead, she started pressing harder, drawing firmer shapes around Lisa’s pussy. She almost squealed in surprise.

“Kelly, I’m serious, I’m gonna pee myself on you!” she cried out. Kelly simply kissed her once more, pulled her ear close and whispered two simple words.

“Do it,” she commanded.

Lisa let go. The first Kelly knew about it was when she felt hot liquid on her belly, spreading across the flat surface of her stomach and flowing down her sides. It was like getting into a warm bath in reverse.

“Oh, that feels so good,” Lisa sighed happily, senses alight with the intense pleasure of relief. Kelly was loving it too; she could feel her friend’s piss trickling through her own pubic hair, down the labia around her slit and pooling around her butt. Some forked out into little rivers that tickled the bottom of her breasts. Most ended up slipping off her and under her back, into the crevice in the couch that her body made.

Kelly stole a glance to her right and caught a glimpse of Jessie and Tori, who had become similarly engaged. Kelly's breath caught in her throat at the sight of it; even as pee continued to soak her she was captivated by her two other friends. Tori was sitting on the armchair in the corner with Jessie kneeling on her lap, sucking gently at the girl's left nipple. It was like a scene from a lesbian porn film- except for one detail. There was pee gathering around Tori's legs and bare ass, although she had no idea which one had had the accident. Perhaps it was both. Just one look made Kelly want to cum.

"Okay, I'm done," Lisa finally said with a cheeky grin, "do you have to pee?"

"Like a racehorse," Kelly confirmed, taking charge of the situation. She grabbed Lisa's arms and rolled them both roughly so that they fell onto the carpeted floor with a bump, with Kelly now on top. The noise made Tori and Lisa look over, but only for a second- they were so engrossed that once they knew the others were okay they went straight back to the breastplay.

"Okay, let it rip, baby!" Lisa cried, eagerly awaiting her reward. Pee was dripping steadily off Kelly's chest and onto Lisa's. As soon as Lisa gave that permission, Kelly erupted, and Lisa got a taste of what it was like to be drenched in someone else's pee for the first time in her life. It sprayed from her pussy and out almost as far as Lisa's face, covering almost every inch of her torso with ferocity. Kelly snapped her head back and moaned aloud.

"Oh my God, that feels so good!"

"Keep going, Kelly!"

"Oh, Tori," Jessie moaned from across the room, "don't stop doing that!"

Lisa looked over at them and her jaw dropped open. Tori was kneeling on the floor now, her head buried in Jessie's crotch. All Lisa could see was the back of Tori's head, but Jessie's blissful expression told her quite plainly what was happening. It was the look of a girl who was being eaten out, no doubt.

The door opened.

Every girl in the room froze, hearts in their mouths. They'd been caught red handed. Tori was first to scramble away, as if she might be able to convince the intruder that nothing had been going on, leaving Jessie's sopping wet pussy exposed. Kelly climbed off of Lisa but was unable to stop peeing, and the stream kept hissing lazily onto the carpet as she stood and stared at the person who had just entered the room.

In a weird way, even though it was still uncomfortable, all four girls were immensely relieved to see Kelly's sister Nicki standing in the doorway. She was completely naked, from head to toe, short hair the only thing covering any part of her otherwise completely exposed body.

"Mind if I join in?" she said timidly, breaking the silence.

"Nicki, I have so many questions," Kelly said, "why are you here, why are you naked and how much did you see?"

"Sarah got sick, so the party got kicked out," she explained, "I'm naked because I want to get in on this action. Oh, and how much did I see? Pretty much everything," she said, nodding in the direction of the window. "So... pee, huh?"

Kelly sighed. "Yeah," she admitted, "but it's only a recent thing. And this is the first time it's turned sexual, so don't get any ideas".

"You all like getting peed on?"

Kelly paused, then nodded guiltily. "I'd never done it before, but yeah, it felt good. I can't speak for the others".

"I liked it," Lisa confessed quickly.

"Me too," said Tori, "I didn't think I would but it felt so nice". Jessie looked down at the ground but murmured her agreement.

"So yeah, Nicki," Kelly said eventually, "I guess we all like getting peed on".

"That's good," Nicki said slyly.

"Why?"

"Because I gotta go so frickin' bad," she said, advancing towards the others. "Who wants to volunteer?"

Lisa stepped forward, dripping with Kelly's salty, still-warm pee. "I will," she said, "but you can't pee yet".

"Why not?"

"You have to hold it until you burst," Lisa explained matter-of-factly, "that's when it feels the best".

"Fine," Nicki said impatiently, "just get on the sofa like Kelly was earlier. God, I gotta take a leak".

"Why are you doing this again?" Kelly asked sceptically.

"Because I'm horny and bored and desperate to pee," Nicki said simply. Lisa obediently took her place on the couch and Nicki straddled her. As soon as Nicki sat, Lisa felt a hot spray on her chest. It felt sensational. "Shit, sorry, just leaked," Nicki muttered, "now what?"

Instead of speaking a response, Lisa simply pulled Nicki down towards her and started to kiss the other woman. The other three watched, fascinated, as Lisa kneaded and played with her breasts, turning each nipple hard almost instantly.

"Mmm... shit, I can't hold it much longer!" she wailed, clearly enjoying what Lisa was doing despite her desperation. As soon as Lisa took one of Nicki's breasts in her mouth, it was over. She burst like a water balloon, golden fluid seeping out of her quickly and washing in a heavy spray across Lisa's naked body.

Kelly didn't want to just stand there and watch her sister getting pleasured, not because of any moral problems but because she felt that it was time that could be better spent elsewhere. She turned to Tori and Jessie and smiled deviously.

"You two ladies wanna pick up where you left off?" she asked. They both nodded eagerly, still dripping with pee and juices of arousal. "Mind if I join you?"

Tori grabbed her arm and pulled her towards the second sofa. "Honey, the more the merrier".

