Christmas Shopping

Author: nononono

*000*2025-12-16 18:54

Katie sipped from her what remained of her Evian bottle, in a desperate attempt to shift the pounding headache. She had always promised herself that she would never be the main story post work Christmas party. This was her third since starting at Capital City Banking, a job which was meant to be a stop gap whilst pursuing an acting career with her gorgeous boyfriend in tow. Two Christmas parties went by without incident, an hour spent chatting to the most boring people in the world before politely making her excuses, returning home to a cozy evening watching Christmas films with her partner. But since she realised a month ago that she didn't see a future with her boyfriend, she had no escape clause this year. That was why her WhatsApp contained several unread messages from her work friends asking if it was true she spent the night with Danny McMichaels, the socially awkward intern who still saw Lynx Africa as an acceptable deodorant.

It was true, for the record. Not that much happened. Katie had barely had time to come to terms with what was happening before he came inside her. Her first shag since Adam left. Not that she would count it. He cried and made her promise not to tell anyone in the office. The official party line was that she dropped him off to make sure he was okay, and then went back to her flat. Alone. She decided that she would look for a new job in January.

The song 'Christmas Wrapping' by The Waitresses started playing on the radio, as she turned into the shopping centre. As a child, Katie never understood the song. For those who aren't familiar with the 1981 classic, the narrator bemoans the fact that there is so much to do at Christmas, and instead of spending it with friends and family, she wants to spend it by herself. The chorus repeats 'Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, but I think I'll miss this one this year.' Katie found it ridiculous to imagine anyone wanting to spend Christmas away from their friends and family.

Yet as she sat in the car, hungover, single, and still yet to buy Christmas presents for most of her family, she was finding it difficult to summon the energy to feel festive. She'd already resigned herself to spending Christmas Day by herself - her family had booked to go away long before her breakup, and she was originally meant to spend the holidays with Adam and his parents. Family Christmas for her would be on Boxing Day instead, albeit with six out of seven of the participants presumably jet lagged. This meant that Christmas Day would be spent alone in London, eating pesto pasta and watching old episodes of Friends.

This disorganisation was not usual for Katie. Normally, all her Christmas shopping was done by December 1st. But after the fallout from the breakup, the week spent crying on her parent's sofa, the subsequent awkward reconciliatory coffee meet-ups to lay out the timetable for Adam's moving out, she was feeling very behind on the festivities this year. She hadn't even managed to put up a tree, something the 10 year old Katie would find unfathomable. The chorus of 'Christmas Wrapping' ran round her head in a loop, even though the radio had moved on long ago, now broadcasting a debate over whether it's okay to take your Christmas decorations down on Boxing Day.

Christmas shopping was a nightmare at the best of times for Katie. She always came in with a game plan, but would get distracted by other gift ideas, and would inevitably spend an entire day at the shopping centre, going way over budget. This year she had no game plan. One fewer person to buy for at least, but no idea what to get anyone. Flashes of last night came back to her as she waited for the car in front of her to park. Her least favourite colleague Nadia telling her that she always did her Christmas shopping with a full bladder, as it made her more ruthless. Katie chuckled as she remembered the punchline to that story, Nadia wetting her knickers on the number 51 bus.

Finally parked, she made a beeline to Costa, grabbing herself a large Cappuccino and a bottle of Coke in an attempt to wake herself up. She greedily chugged the Coke, as she looked at the hastily written entry on her notes app. Books for dad, perfume/clothes for mum, toys and football stuff for Mikey, fuck knows what for Uncle Eric and a photo frame for Grandma.

Let's do this, she thought to herself as she discarded her finished Coke bottle and headed towards Waterstones. Always a dangerous place as Katie would inevitably spend more time looking at the next book for her library. As she walked past the ladies, she debated stopping in. The water from earlier was starting to make itself known. She bit her lip a little as she weighed up how much she needed to go versus how much she wanted to get in and out as quickly as possible. In the end, she decided to plough on. Her need wasn't that desperate, and besides, she avoided using public toilets whenever she could.

Ever since she was young, Katie never liked public toilets, the queuing, the dirtiness, other people hearing her urinate. Her mum would despair as she'd refuse to go to the loo when out, and then beg her to stop somewhere on the way home as she couldn't hold it any longer. Even as an adult, Katie would often find herself rushing home after uni lectures, bladder fit to burst. It was a running joke with her flatmates that she always dash straight to the bathroom whenever she got in, ignoring everyone else trying to make conversation.

Back to Waterstones, and Katie was once again distracted by all the books on display, rather than the task at hand. She subconsciously crossed her legs a little as she read the blurbs of her potential new stories. Sipping slowly on her coffee, she continued to work her way through the books on the shelf in front of her. A jolt from her bladder reminded her of the need for urgency. She grabbed a couple of Jeremy Clarkson books for her dad, plus a board game for Mikey, as well as a few extra books for herself, and went to the back of the queue. It was December 23rd after all. Normally Katie scoffed at the people who complained how busy Christmas shopping was, who would then admit they left it all until a few days before Christmas. And yet here she was, at the back of a long line of the disorganised people, overstimulated, overheated and in need of the loo.

Something about standing in line made the need feel more urgent. She popped a podcast on to try and distract her from the growing pressure from her bladder. Her go-to was called 'Behind the Blue-Tick', a vapid show hosted by two influencers who discussed their lives and celebrity culture. Katie hated herself a little that she enjoyed it, but right now, she needed a distraction. The noise cancellation of her AirPods could not quite fully cancel out the buzz around her, but brought a little bit of sweet relief from the chaos. Finally at the front of the queue, she paid and left, a heavy bag of books in hand.

As she browsed H&M for her mum's presents, the podcast hosts had moved on from discussing their hangovers to answering fan questions. The two were asked 'what's the most embarrassing moment they've ever had?'. Ellie, the 20 year old blonde, unbelievably stunning woman who finished fourth on Love Island in 2024 told a story about how she was caught by her ex boyfriend doing a wee in an alleyway coming home from a night out. She embellished the anecdote, talking about how she'd been drinking all night, and then forgot to go to the loo before leaving. Katie shifted in her place as she browsed through jumpers, listening to Ellie describe how she was absolutely bursting for a wee, so much so that she'd already started to spurt into her knickers.

She described how despite being caught by her ex boyfriend, it was still 'the most amazing piss of my life', leading to her co-host Jemima sharing the story of her most amazing piss. Now Katie was in the queue, unable to stand still as Jemima detailed a flight to Berlin where she'd had several drinks before but was not allowed to use the toilet on flight because of turbulence. Katie turned off the podcast, therefore missing the end of the story, Jemima reaching the loo at Berlin airport, only to find in her desperate state that she'd forgotten to remove her knickers. She silently prayed the cashier would hurry up as her clothes and scented candles were scanned painfully slowly by the spotty checkout boy. Crossing her legs once more, unnerved by how much the cashier resembled Danny McMichaels, she thanked him and moved on.

Sitting down outside the shop, she took stock of what she still needed to do. Mum and dad were mostly accounted for, so it was just her little brother, uncle and grandma she needed to sort. Plan of action - Next for a photo frame, M & S for some alcohol for her uncle, then Lego Store for Mikey. Toilet? she felt her bladder protest. She glanced across to the ladies, legs tightly crossed. Was she desperate enough to use them? She certainly was. Unsurprising, considering since her morning piss (two minutes before climbing out of Danny McMichael's window to avoid an awkward encounter with her parents), she had drunk a bottle of Evian, a bottle of Coke and a coffee. She was desperate, there was no doubt about that. But she weighed up the pros and cons. Pros - would be a lot nicer to not have a full bladder. Cons - public toilets are gross. Big queue. Don't want to put shopping bags on toilet floor. Wearing bodysuit.

Now in Next, Katie considered why she decided that was the day to wear a bodysuit. She found them a little bit uncomfortable at the best of times, let alone when hungover and trying to do Christmas shopping. In fact, she hadn't worn the bodysuit since she experienced one of the most embarrassing moments of her life two months ago. Heading back on a train to London after seeing her friend up in Edinburgh, she found herself dying for a wee. After trying to prolong the inevitable, she realised she wouldn't be able to hold it all the way to Euston. Gingerly making her way through the carriage, she found the toilet and started to undo her bodysuit. She danced frantically as she shimmied out of her prison, using every ounce of strength to not let it all go in her knickers.

As she finally freed herself, so she could enjoy a much-needed piss, the toilet door opened, revealing her bare tits (Katie rarely wore bras) to a bemused old man. Panicking, she stood up to close the door, forgetting that she was mid-wee. So the floor, body suit and her knickers ended up covered in piss, and this old pervert saw the whole thing. With a one track mind, she grabbed the photo frame and headed to pay. As she stood in the third queue of the day, she made a note that she'd skip M & S. Lego Store then home.

Walking past the toilet queue, she did some mental maths. She felt like her bladder was about 80% full, though that number was increasing at a dramatic rate. Ten minutes in the lego store, ten minutes to get back to the car, fifteen minutes home, if traffic okay. She could be sitting on her own toilet in thirty five minutes. Doable, Katie thought. Although she wasn't sure. She was absolutely desperate now, verging on busting. As she tried in vain to avoid thinking about waterfalls, whilst looking at getting her brother a Lego water park, her day was about to get worse.

"Katie?" the voice of Nadia shouted. "Oh. Hi Nadia," Katie grimaced. "How's your head?" Nadia laughed, shoving her, causing a jolt of pain to her bladder. "Ahhhh it's been better," Katie tried to regain composure. Maybe 85% full now. "So I heard the rumours," Nadia started. "Nothing happened, Nadia. I made sure he got home okay then I left," Katie sharply interrrupted."Oh," Nadia looked confused. "You know he told Molly that you two... you know." Katie stared at her. "We what?"Nadia came closer. "Slept together." Okay, I'm definitely resigning. "Okay fine, we did. Or rather he came the second he saw my pussy, and then cried about it for an hour," Katie snapped. "And he wears Spiderman pyjamas.""Errrr." Nadia hesitated. "You can tell everyone that. Now I need to get home before I do a 'Nadia' and piss myself," she added, walking towards the checkout without giving her a chance to reply. "Merry Christmas," she mumbled under her breath.

The Lego Store queue was the longest of the day. At least 87% now, Katie thought. Standing still was nigh-on impossible at this point, and she was beginning to doubt whether she'd make it home with dry clothes. "Excuse me?" Katie tapped the person in front of her. "Yes?" the woman replied. "I don't suppose I could skip in front of you? I'm absolutely bursting for a wee and I'm not sure how much longer I can hold it," a hot flush of shame hit Katie. "Sorry babe, have you not heard? There's been problems with the toilets all day, that's why the queues have been so long. I'm about to wet myself too," she sighed. Katie nodded silently.

As the two strangers stood there, bladders fit to burst, 'Christmas Wrapping' started playing over the speakers. "Ugh not this song again," the lady moaned. "Tell me about it," Katie laughed. "Last thing I need is another reminder I'm spending Christmas alone." "How come?" the lady asked. "Long story. Realised I didn't love my boyfriend anymore. Was meant to spend Christmas with him and his family. Parents already booked to go away for Christmas and don't get back until Boxing Day. Sorry, that's a lot to tell a stranger."

"Well then let's not be strangers. I'm Millie," the lady laughed, tucking her brunette hair behind her ear. "Katie. What about you then Millie? What's your story?" she asked, hoping for a distraction from her desperate need. "My girlfriend cheated on me. And my family pretty much disowned me a long time ago. So now I'm getting presents for the few friends I have, whilst desperately hoping my bladder doesn't explode." Katie shot a sympathetic look. "Where are you spending Christmas then?" she asked. "Kensal Rise," Millie responded. "No way! I'm spending Christmas in Kensal Rise," Katie smiled. "Oh amazing. Well if you get bored by yourself, feel free to come along to mine," Millie laughed in a way that gave Katie butterflies in her stomach. "Maybe I will," Katie replied in a low voice.

90% now. At least. It was rare that Katie had felt this desperate for relief. She'd said her goodbyes to Millie, the offer of spending Christmas together presumably just a joke offer made between two women delirious by their aching bladders. The queue for the loo had disappeared, but an announcement had been read out that due to water issues in the area, the shopping centre was to close early. Katie made a beeline towards the car park, feeling the liquid slosh about her bladder.

As she rummaged for her card to pay for her parking, dancing a jig in her spot, she felt a tap on her shoulder. "I'm so sorry to bother you. Are you driving back? I don't suppose I could have a lift back to Kensal Rise? The buses are messed up and I can't hold it in much longer," Millie pleaded, crossing her legs tightly. "Of course," Katie smiled, secretly glad she got to spend more time with her new friend. "What road do you live on?" she added, scanning her Apple Pay. "Kings Road," Millie replied. "No problem, that's about a three minute walk from mine," Katie informed her. "I'd give you a lift there directly but I'm afraid I just need to get home as soon as possible." Millie nodded understandingly.

"If it was less busy, I'd just squat and pee right here," Millie moaned, as they headed towards the car. "Warning in advance, I'm not sure how good my conversation is going to be, I'm ready to pop." "Don't worry," Katie replied, "I'll drive as fast as humanly possible." "Please," Millie begged. "I'll pay half of any speeding fine, just get me to the loo. I've never needed a wee so badly in my life." Katie had to compose herself as she stepped into the car, the full weight of her bladder making itself known as she bent to get through the door. She thought she felt a bit of wee escape but she couldn't be sure.

Getting out of the car park took much longer than expected. Conversation had dried up now, with only the faint sound of 'Last Christmas' on the radio for entertainment. Katie was now about 93% full, forced to clutch herself when she wasn't driving. She looked over at her passenger, her skirt had ridden up to her upper thighs, and her legs were crossed as tightly as humanly possible. Something about the way Millie looked tantalised her, the frequent glances at her watch, the biting of her lip, the hand which she would try to subtly press against her peehole. Katie couldn't help but wonder who needed to piss more.

Millie had seemed more composed in the Lego Store, but now she looked positively bursting. Meanwhile Katie kept feeling waves of desperation so intense, she worried that she'd flood the carseat if she didn't clench every muscle in her body. Katie tried to distract herself. She wondered what she was going to have for dinner. She wondered what film she was going to put on. She thought about Millie. What was she doing tonight? What was her job? What type of panties did she have on?

Woah, Katie thought. Where the fuck did that come from? Katie had always been heterosexual, as far as she knew. Sure, she'd kissed friends at clubs before, but she'd never thought of any of them in that sort of way. She wondered if Millie had managed to avoid leaking. She wondered what her tits looked like. She wondered what she was thinking right now.

Millie's eyes were transfixed on Katie's left hand, now dug firmly into her crotch, only moving to change gears. She mentioned a boyfriend, Millie told herself. You always do this, don't get your hopes up. But she couldn't deny that the sight of this beautiful blonde clutching her pussy for dear life wasn't turning her on. She desperately tried to save the mental image of her new friend squirming desperately in the line at the Lego Store in her mind.

They were almost there now. A few roads away. Every single speed bump was torture for both of them, with involuntary gasps and intakes of breath as each jolt threatened to overwhelm them. Katie reckoned she was 97% full now. So full her bladder was causing her physical pain. She reckoned it was over eight hours since she last peed. She felt like bursting no longer adequately described how badly she needed to go. She'd do anything to be sat on the loo right now. She happened to glimpse over at Millie's phone as she turned onto the street.

"JESS I AM IN A CAR WITH THIS GIRL I MET SHOPPING AND IM ABSOLUTELY BUSTING FOR A PISS"

"LIKE I HAVE NEVER BEEN THIS DESPERATE IN MY WHOLE ENTIRE LIFE"

"IM TEXTING YOU TO DISTRACT MYSELF"

"BUT HELP SHES SO FINE"

Millie saw Katie looking and quickly locked her phone. As they hit another speed bump, a long spurt of wee leaked out of Millie's urethra. Tears formed in her eyes, the pain was excruciating.

99%. Katie felt like her body was mostly piss at this point.

Dignity was out the window, Millie was now fully clutching herself through her skirt.

Katie prayed she wouldn't have to parallel park.

Millie prayed Katie knew how to parallel park.

Katie completed the worst parallel park. Thankfully there was a space right outside her house. Otherwise that would be it.

As Millie exited the car, gravity almost caused a full blown accident. She clutched herself once more, drops of urine running off her fingers as she reached her breaking point. "Katie, can I use your loo? There's no way I'll make it home to mine." Katie nodded "As long as I can go first."

Katie fumbled with the keys for her building, the pressure rising to intolerable levels. Her hand dug firmly into her pussy, willing no more piss to escape. Doors open, she darted towards the lift. She never used the lift, but the stairs were not an option.

Millie followed her into lift, now crying with the sheer pain from her bladder.

Katie no longer cared about her dignity. As the two stood in the lift, bladders on the verge of bursting, she started to undo her body suit. She stood in the freezing cold lift, revealing her white bra.

Millie could not help but notice her pert nipples through the fabric of her bra.

The lift jolted as they reached Katie's floor. She ignored the attempted hellos and confused looks from her neighbours as they both headed to her door as quickly as they could.

Another dribble ran down Millie's legs, as her resolve started to wain. She could hardly wait a second longer, whimpering as Katie's shaky hands tried to turn the lock.

Katie finally opened the door. Her bladder was now 100% full and starting to fully leak. A long spurt of urine escaped from her saturated panties, forming a rivulet down each inside leg. She ripped her body suit in her desperation, the torn fragments lagging behind her as she rushed to the loo. She yanked her black lacy panties down, her body unable to contain a single drop of liquid, and sat on the cold porcelain seat. Pee exploded out of her, accompanied by loud hissing sound. Katie had never peed with such velocity in her life, moaning with relief as her bladder deflated.

Millie could not wait a single second. She burst into the bathroom, only to realise that the room was literally just a toilet. She stood in front of Katie, too delirious with relief to care. The sound of Katie's pee, combined with the overwhelming fullness of her bladder was too much for Millie. "I'm sorry," she whispered, as her body gave up. Her piss rocketed out of her, quickly soaking her thong before running down each leg. A wet patch quickly spread across the front of her as an unfathomable amount of pee escaped her body. Her pantyhose were drenched, and the urine started to pool at her feet in the books. Millie had never felt relief like this, practically cumming as the body emptied itself. She glanced over at Katie, who was still peeing, but looking hungrily at her.

As Katie watched Millie wetting herself in front of her, she'd never been so horny in her life. It took every ounce of self restraint not to rub her clit.

As overwhelming waves of pleasure hit her, Millie couldn't help herself. The second she touched her pussy, she orgasmed loudly.

As Katie's pee finally finished, she tore her bra off. The sight of Millie cumming was too much, her hand could no longer resist.

Millie stopped urinating, almost felt light headed with relief. Katie stood up from the toilet, now wearing nothing but her socks. "Your turn," she whispered quietly, unbuttoning her shirt to reveal her purple bra.

Millie obeyed, unfastening her skirt, and sliding it down her legs. She pulled her pantyhose down, before discarding of her soaked thong. Katie removed her socks. The two stood staring at each other. Completely naked.

"I think this Christmas will be alright, actually," Katie smiled.

Note from the author: Just a standalone story this time. I will finish 'The Trapped Lady' soon, just was hit by the inspiration for this today.

