Where The Deep Waters Whisper- A High Fantasy Story

Author: NOT a square

*000*2026-02-20 04:01

Hey omo org, long time lurker, first time poster, ended up writing this after getting inspired. I've been writing on and off for a few years, but never written anything omo related. This idea popped into my head while reading some of the older stories on this site, and I think I have a decent plan for a longer story arc. Think something like Lunambra Pt1 or Might makes merit in terms of scope. I've written a couple multi-part projects before, but never had the balls to post any of them anywhere, so starting with this might be a bit ambitious. I'm a bit rusty so forgive any glaring errors and feel free to leave criticism, comments, and suggestions. This could probably do with another hundred drafts before it sees the light of day. Anyway, hope you guys enjoy the first chapter.

___

Chapter 1.

Alys Jayaran sighed silently as the court lumbered on for its third hour. The minister wasn’t a particularly riveting speaker even on days when she cared, and on a day like today his words might as well have been the wind outside the walls. Her foot bounced beneath the table, hidden from the views of the other ministers. She pleaded inside, hoping that a recess would soon be called and she could attend the matters she had been putting off for so long. The incessant pressure in her abdomen had been calling to her since long before the court began, and her taste for the endless flow of wines and ciders brought to table by the present handmaidens had only worsened her situation. Surely, she told herself, the others at the table must be in equally dire straits to her. A lady was expected to hold her waters, and as such she had developed the strength to manage her needs and endure for however long was necessary.

In theory, that was. In reality she gripped at the arms of her chair until her fingers turned white. It was all she could do to occupy them lest they find their way up her dress to offer what little support they could. Not that it would matter anyway, her noble dress was of the latest fashions to sweep their Capitol: long, layered, and ludicrously overbearing. Alys dreaded the thought of how difficult they would be to remove when she did finally get her chance to relieve herself. Not two weeks into her ministerial position and already she felt she would embarrass herself before the most powerful members of the realm.

“...and as for the matter of Baron Morcom’s tariff on wine exports up Yava River,” the minister would not cease. Wine and rivers were the last things Alys wanted to think about. She thought about the Great Dam on the Yava, how it held back the mightiest of rivers, and how great the pressure at its gate must be. The river flowed in a great burst through, and boats would be lowered by its legendary cranes. She didn’t want to think what would happen if she couldn’t contain the river inside her, and thought that even the Great Dam didn’t know the pressures she was feeling. Sweat dripped down her brow as she looked to the faces of the other ministers. Cups and goblets were strewn about the table, pitchers filled with liquids having been refreshed the second they fell empty. Surely the court must adjourn soon.

Dread filled her as she felt it. A single leak. Warm, wet, aching as it moistened her lips and slipped into her panties. She couldn’t help but squeal. Immediately her thighs twisted themselves together as she moved her hands to grip at her dress. She knew that a single leak wouldn’t show on her clothes, but she didn’t have much time.

It was only then, looking around, that she noticed faces turning to her. “Minister Jayaran?” Alys jolted in her seat, squeezing her nethers as tightly as she could, trying desperately to come up with some plausible answer to the noise she had made. Any way to diffuse the situation before further disaster flooded in. Her salvation came in the form of a disinterested voice from up the table.

“Apologies, Minister Katov, but it is apparent this meeting has gone on as far as needs be. As much as I would love to hear about the granary expansion plan’s seventh year, I move to adjourn today’s session before I too fall asleep at my seat.” Prince Iteron Kaharling’s voice, dripping with caustic sarcasm, ended the Minister’s speech as much as it had saved Alys’s underwear. All around her the ministers raised their hands in agreement. She gave a silent prayer to all the gods that were listening, before moving to leave the courtroom.

As she stood, she felt the first spurt wet her panties. She didn’t have long, and needed to be sure she was first out and first to find a privy. She clutched the sides of her dress in tight fists as she made her way to the vaulted doors of the courtroom. Attendants rushed about to their lords and ministers blocking her way. She weaved through, cursing to herself for ever letting it get this bad. Feeling the litres she had drunk through the day battering at her insides, demanding their release.

Upon reaching the door she bumped into a tall figure in her haste. Head down, she quickly began to apologise before realising who it was she had just touched. The smirking face of Prince Iteron reached for the handle, opening the door and gesturing for her to come through.

“After you, my Lady.” Blood rushed to her cheeks. On any day she would’ve been giddy for a chance to speak to a prince of the realm. Even in her wildest fantasies she never imagined anything more than addressing the Prince at court. The horror of soiling herself before him was all she could think about. How the prince must have known her plight, how shameful it was to be unable to contain herself at such a delicate meeting of such gathered nobility. Her bladder throbbed, her blush deepened, and the prince saved her once again.

“I too find these meetings excessive,” he said, following her through the doors. “Whatever the purpose of such a bureaucratic arm that cannot decide anything for itself, I will never know.” Alys wished she could come up with some response, but she feared if she spoke she would lose the last of her control. She could feel the burn of her pee right at her bladder’s entrance, feel how it threatened to erase what was left of her dignity in a single flooding rush of relief. Another spurt leaked out of her, and she summoned what left of her strength to respond.

“I must thank you then, my Prince, for relieving me of Minister Katov’s speech. I have never known a man to speak so many words and say so little.” She forced herself to meet the prince’s eyes as she spoke.

“You haven’t yet seen the half of him. Katov once spoke for a full session by his lonesome on the subject of fishing levies. I doubt a single member of the Ministerium mourns his loss. You aren’t the first to feign illness to escape him, and you will undoubtedly be the last.”

Alys chuckled lightly, her blush deepened further, the wetness in her panties reminding her with each step they took about her situation. It was relieving to know the prince was unwise to the raging battle that pulsed above her nethers.

“I don’t doubt it must’ve been quite the spectacle,” she stuttered. Of all the days to draw the attention of Prince Iteron, it was the day she had forgotten to use the chamber pot before attending court. At least they continued to walk, the rubbing of her thighs the only thing left keeping her waters inside. Prince Iteron eyed her, his brow furrowing and his everpresent smirking expression looking over her. His gaze was intense, and she feared what he was thinking to always appear so amused.

“Unfortunately we must continue this discussion another time. The Mages’ Council was scheduled to convene this evening and I must prepare. I beg your leave, Lady Jayaran, and pray your illness abates.” With a final sarcastic note, he turned to leave and made his way down the hall.

Finally alone she clutched at her privates. The fabric of her panties was wet against her pussy. She felt a spasm, all the wine she had drunk aching to release right there on the carpets outside the courtroom. With the added pressure of her hands, she steadied herself and began to hurry. The castle’s map appeared in her mind, and she turned corners in haste searching for where she might find some relief. Her chambers were too far, and there was no way she could climb the steps in her state. The privy chambers were on the other side of the complex, a fair walk but at least on the same floor as her. She considered her options, rushing as quickly as her overfull bladder would allow her, spurting as she went. She only hoped she could still save her dress.

Passing a set of doors leading to parts unknown, she found herself in a hallway with candles in high alcoves. Doors lined each side, and the hall grew darker the deeper she went. Rushing past the stone walls, she realised she could no longer hear the voices of the bustling castle behind her. It was then that another, larger jet shot into her panties. A full second long, boiling hot and tempting her bladder to just let go where she stood. She stopped running, burying her hands in her dress and squeezed her pussy as hard as she could. No longer caring, she began to pull up the hem of her dress, feeling a drop of wetness snaking its way down her thigh.

She ran through the hall and saw a single door open up ahead. In her desperate panic she ran inside, and found herself in a dark room lined with pigeon holes, each filled with scrolls and documents. Searching, she knew she had seconds left, but at least now she had some privacy. Feeling her soaked panties beneath her gripping hands, she looked around the room for anything she could relieve herself into. On the desk sat a set of writing implements, a well of ink, and a series of empty wells. None were large enough to even consider. Her pussy ached and throbbed from the effort of holding back the inevitable as she lifted her dress above her waist. Her fingers scrambled for the mouth of her panties, and she pulled them aside right as she burst onto the stone floor.

Alys couldn’t hold back the moan anymore than she could hold back her waters. Pee shot out of her at such pressure that droplets sprayed off the floor, and she felt her ass grow faintly wet from the spray as she dropped into a more comfortable squat. Her dress was held above her waist, kept safe from the damage, but her panties were soaked. Once they had been pristine white, though no longer after today. She felt the relief of her bladder deflating, the aching pressure dulling down as she went, unloading herself of all the wine and water and things she had drunk before the court’s meeting. Such high pressure flowed, and she felt herself grow lightheaded in relief. Her dress grew lighter around her midsection as all her waters drained onto the cold floor below.

The shame she felt was nothing compared with the relief. Hours and hours she had held, adamant to not show her desperation before her peers. Cup kept full to the brim by the useless attendants. All her feelings played, and her thoughts drowned by the unending flow beneath her. Her pussy tingled, and she felt the urge to reach down, but thought better of it. It was bad enough she was soiling herself in the castle, and her noble lady self could not fathom any additional displays of weakness. Still, after nearly a full minute, her pee thundered out. It felt divine, the greatest pee she had ever taken. She moaned as she adjusted her footing, reaching out to hold the leg of the table and steady herself as her legs grew tired. She felt the flow nearing its end, but wanted every drop out of her. Squeezing, the stream intensified and sputtered the rest of her piss onto the floor. She bounced her ass to shake the remaining drops off.

Standing, she surveyed the damage. Warm piss ran down her thighs and was absorbed by her thick stockings. Her panties were ruined, but her dress had been saved the same fate. Too relieved to worry about what she had done, she quickly pulled the waistband of her soaked panties down, carefully stepping out of them and watching to not step into her puddle. The lake she had released reached under the writing table, and flowed under the alcoves and pigeon holes. Surely she had never peed so much, for her desperation had scarcely grown to such desires before. She bit her lip, a tingle at her lower lips reminding her of the pleasure she had felt in release. But no, not now.

She made her way out of the room. Through the door, which she only now saw she had left open. Panties in hand, she thanked the gods above that she was alone in this part of the castle. Seeing nowhere else to leave them, she turned back to stuff her panties into the desk before scurrying through the halls, praying the winds would remain calm today and none would see her exposed, wet pussy lips.

As Alys turned the corner and left, a figure emerged from behind one of the doors that had not quite been closed. She smiled to herself, eyes wide, shocked at the display she had witnessed. The flood before her seemed endless, a steaming ocean within the castle walls. Such a bladder was a rare thing, she knew. Fond memories recalled to her, desperate moans, anguished pleading, cries of pleasure and horror and all the desperation between. With a wave of her hand, green light pulsed from her fingertips. The ocean before her puffed into nonexistence, and the woman moved over the dry stone towards the desk, her green dress trailing her steps. She pulled out the soiled panties and placed them gently in a leather pouch on her waist.

Who was this woman so brazen as to soil herself in her Lord’s very castle? Kyana never was fond of questions she could not answer. And this was one she was looking forward to answering very thoroughly.

___

Thanks for reading.

*002*2026-02-23 10:55

{{18 hours ago, desp_1999 said:

Thank you so much for writing this. I thoroughly enjoyed it, and I’m really looking forward to reading more!

}}

Glad to hear you're enjoying the story. Chapter 2 is already written just waiting on approval for the post for it to go live. Working on chapter 3 rn and it should be up in a couple of days. Resisting the urge to go back and write a prologue with some actual fantasy novel setup but we'll see how long that lasts.

*003*2026-02-23 11:02

Chapter 2.

The sound of pages rustling and the faint scent of candle smoke lingered in the air as Valara cas Fontai turned the document over. Inscriptions in a tongue she could not decipher lined its pages, the ink faded over countless lifetimes of ponderance. Her hand traced its contents onto a new parchment copying over the runes in precise detail. She could see the moon peaking through her window, its thin pale crescent visible above the light of the city. She could not see the stars even through the high window of her dorm several rooms above the streets. Darvatan was too great of a city for such things. Too many lights, too many windows shone, and too many people gathered between its walls. Its walls glowed brilliant white even in the dark of night and through the amber haze of torchlight. Clean and elegant. Befitting of the greatest city in the land.

She reached for her mug, draining it of the last dregs of its wine. Her fingers ached and she clenched them several times, squeezing the handle of the mug. There was nothing more mind-numbing than scribe work. Scratching, correcting, reading. Perhaps if she could understand the words she might find some curiosity to occupy her time. Unfortunately for her, the old Master Kalryk was not as generous with his lessons as he was with his tasks. Ninety-seven tomes, she had counted so far, sat in the completed pile. Each one bore hundreds of runes and inscribed lettering containing seemingly esoteric wisdom of some import.

Letters from ancient kings to their subjects? Or perhaps the movements of troops in historical battles? Maybe documentation of trade routes long ceased? With her luck the old lecher had tasked her with transcribing another salacious text regarding lusty maids and their equally libidinous masters. Words bear power, child. She could hear his senile musings, hear the way he was laughing to himself as she laboured.

Whatever the contents of these cursed pages, her mug was now empty, and upon further inspection she was disheartened to find the flagon bereft of wine as well. She placed it beside the other empty flagons she had consumed beneath the writing desk, standing, and quickly realising her mistake as the dizziness she hadn’t yet felt made its presence known. Perhaps so much wine imbibed would inevitably bear consequences. As if to reinforce that thought, she felt a protest from her bladder, reminding her of just how much volume of liquid she had consumed as well. Ninety-seven ancient tomes sat on her desk, and countless more beside them awaited transcription. They had waited hundreds of years in the ancient vaults beneath the castle. They could wait a few minutes for her to visit the cellar. And perhaps the privy could do with her company as well.

Valara left the cramped confines of her chamber and made her way silently through the halls of the dormitory. Kalryk’s other students had likely already retired for the night, or had slipped out earlier to attend the taverns or fighting pits. It was Sixth Day. There would be some spectacle, she imagined, for the rest of the inhabitants of Darvatan to occupy them from their lives. Illiterate and lowly as most of them were they would find such savagery to be of the highest form of entertainment. She could scarcely imagine being caught at such an event. No, there was another flagon in the cellar waiting for her, and busy-work to return to. Such work was clearly befitting of a highborn and learned woman as herself. Definitely work requiring something more than a child with a working eye and half-steady hand. The prodigy of cas Fontai, she mused bitterly as she stumbled through the halls.

Passing the kitchens she paused as a glimpse of something beautiful caught her eye. Through the doorway, sat on the bench, reflecting the gentle glows of the dying cookfire embers. Its vessel was polished, a ceramic and lacquered amphora with floral patterns painted along its sides. An inscription ran along its mouth in a tongue she could not perceive, and the stopper seal was broken beside it. And above all, the unmistakably sweet scent of luxurious scarlet nectar filled the air. A more lavish and rich appearance than any she had seen lining the walls of the cellar. The smell alone drove her mind to lust for its taste on her tongue. She knew those markings from legend alone. What she had found was better than anything those dusty tomes held. What she witnessed before her was real Chroyaine red.

Approaching eagerly, Valara noted a scrap of parchment beside the amphora. “Do not touch. -K.” Say what she will about the old man’s reading habits, he had exquisite taste and more shockingly such a refined palette. What he didn’t know wouldn’t hurt him. Taking the amphora in her hands, she felt the cool ceramic against her skin. The vessel was heavy in her hands, full of liquid. The scent of flowers she had never seen, fruits she had never tasted, and fields she could not name, teased her senses.

Delicately, almost reverently, she brought the amphora to her mouth, and took a sip, closing her eyes and feeling the cool, sweet, oh so sweet liquid run down her tongue. Eyes closed, she did not see the inscription begin to glow green, nor see the embers of the cookfire glow brighter. She could only drink, feeling compelled to finish the amphora. Her reason told her not to, to savour the moment, take only a little so Kalryk would not find out her transgression. Or to run to her dorm with the amphora and keep it all to herself. Or to keep drinking, just finish it all here and there. Keep drinking until it was empty. Yes, that’s what she wanted to do. She always wanted that, right?

She had never tasted anything so sweet. The coolness rolled down her throat and transformed into fire in her belly. She was trapped in its ecstatic taste, unable to feel her limbs grow warmer, or her head grow lighter. Before she could stop herself she found the amphora empty. It was not a small vessel by any means. Twice the size of her cheap pisswine flagons with room to spare. All that liquid was heavy inside her. And as suddenly as the amphora had emptied, she felt the dizziness in her head overtake her. She dropped the amphora and it shattered with thunder on the stone floor below. Too much of a good thing, she mused smiling, as she felt gravity take over her heavy body and she stumbled to the floor, grasping the side of the bench and unable to fight the blackness that overtook her. She fell onto her stomach, faintly aware of the weight in her bladder and a light she could no longer see growing brighter.

**********

It was the shouts that roused her. Panicked, loud, piercing through the haze of her intoxication. Valara could make out several voices, cries from far away, shouts that lost coherence through the thick wooden walls but echoed through to her increasingly alert mind. The smell reached her next. Smoke, wood ash, hot and sickly as it racked the back of her throat. She breathed in through her nose feeling it itch as she inhaled. She coughed, choking on the ashes in the air and unable to clear her lungs for a clean breath. The heat she noticed last, the back of her neck burning and the stone beneath her beginning to sear the skin of the cheek pressed against it.

Valara tried to stand, coughing, shaking as her body roared to frightened life. All around her the kitchen burned. Fire ripped at the tables and chairs, already spreading to the walls. Keeping low to the ground had saved her from the worst of the smoke, and now confused and poison-addled mind could only conceive of a single thought. Escape.

She ran, as fast as her unsteady legs could take her. She had no idea how long she had lain there, but it wasn’t long enough for the wine to leave her system. Her legs were like stubborn mules that refused the whip of their master. Her footing was unstable, and she fell to the ground coughing as she turned out the door and made for outside. Smoke clung to the air, and she pulled herself on traitorous arms and legs to the exit. Her eyes stung and watered, blinding her, but she trusted her memory of the place that she had called home for so many years. The kitchens were on the ground floor, and she could stumble to the entrance of Kalryk’s dorm blind drunk any night.

She burst through the door, climbing to her feet and screaming. “Help!” she screamed to the dark night sky. No other words would come to her. “Help us!” She could still hear the screams coming from the dorms. Looking around, confused, she noticed that none of the others had made it out yet. How had she been the first? The fire had spread so far, and she was lucky to be alive. Her intoxicated mind could not understand it. She tried to think, but could not form the thoughts to understand what was going on. Her consciousness faded in and out as she stood, swaying, grasping at the door to the house across from the dorms, banging on its frame and screaming for help. Nothing made sense to her.

At some point people had come to her. She found herself being led down the road as men rushed past with buckets filled with water. Two men garbed in armour and bearing spears walked with her, helmets covering their faces. She recalled them asking her questions. Their voices were muffled by their helmets and she could not make out their words. Or her own words. What tongue was she speaking? Who were these people? Why did her insides hurt? Her dry mouth would not obey her command and the words would not take wind.

Still she shouted in her incoherence. The men tried to hold her tighter but she slipped from their grasp, lurching into an alley and away from them. She stumbled about, twisting and turning, navigating the tight space with her hands pressed to the walls beside her. She ran, knocking over crates and into a clothesline fixed between two windows. No matter how far she ran she could still smell the smoke. She heard her friends cry out to her, “Help us!” The desperate plea as they shouted, but she could not get up. The clothesline twisted around her limbs and she could not disentangle herself no matter how she strained against her binds. “Help us!” But all she could do was sit, unable to rid herself of her confines, as her throat scratched raw from the smoke and her own screams. She had cried earlier, she could feel, the hot tears leaving trails down her ashen face. And all the while she heard the voices of her friends, begging. "Help us!"

She was trapped in that alleyway, kept awake by her fright, and confused by her earlier folly. A folly that made itself known to her once again. Now that she could not run, she felt a pressure inside her, that had grown in the unknown hours she had slept unconscious. A spasm assaulted her nethers and the weight of her bladder throbbed as the clothesline dug into her abdomen. How much wine had she drunk tonight? She couldn’t possibly remember. Her skirt felt tight, reaching halfway down her ash-covered thighs. Her bladder felt so full, like it would burst if she dared move too much. The adrenaline had covered her desperation and now it sought to share the wrath it bore her.

She tried in vain to untie herself again, feeling her pussy quiver from the pressure and her legs shaking in violent response. She had no options, no way out, nothing. No blade to cut her binds, no vessel to relieve herself, no way to save her friends. Just the pressure. So much pressure.

Valara rubbed her legs together as she realised her panties were already wet. At some point while she was running, or unconscious, she must have leaked, and it had been a violent one. Her panties were soaked, warm, and rubbed against her lips as she bounced. She had never felt so full before, and another leak burst from her into her sodden panties. They could hold no more, and she felt the liquid make its way down her thighs. Thinking, somehow lucid, she lifted her skirt and sat her bare ass on the dirt below to save her skirt. She buried her hands in her crotch and held on for dear life. This is what shame befell her? Was she to be punished for surviving tonight’s earlier horror? She would soil herself right here like a little girl unable to hold her waters after a few too many cups of wine.

She felt it before she realised it was happening. Her hot pee had started as a trickle through the wet material covering her pussy. It made its way down to her ass and soaked into the dirt below. She could feel it flowing through her hands, and blinked when she felt they had suddenly become wet. She let it all go, feeling the weight in her bladder explode forth, her panties unsuccessfully barricading the flood as it shot from her. All the wine she had consumed across the night needed to escape her and in that moment it shot out with violence. The trickle turned into a deluge and a puddle had formed beneath her in seconds. It soaked into the clothes she had trapped herself in as her cheeks flushed a deeper red than the litres of wine that had filled her.

She cried, unable to stop the tears, as the situation assaulted her semiconscious self. The pain, the humiliation, the shame, the powerlessness. Everything she had felt came out, in tears and an unending stream of piss flooding the alleyway that she called prison for the night. It didn’t stop, she could not stop it. The relief she felt laughed at her pain, as her mind focused on only how good it was to deflate her aching bladder from its night of suffering. Pee poured out of her pussy until the dirt and the clothes could not hold it.

Her cheeks flushed, her breath caught in her throat, and she cried. She cried until her pee finally stopped. She cried until the feeling of relief went away and all she could feel was guilt inside. She cried until her intoxication and exhaustion took over and she passed out on the soiled clothes in that dirty alleyway. Valara cas Fontai dreamed of voices that night. Cries of help, and a smell she could not escape. The smell of smoke, of sickly sweet wine, and of burning, wet piss.

*005*2026-02-27 08:20

Chapter 3 is ready. At the time of writing this chapter 2 is still waiting for approval. Not sure how long that normally takes but I figure there's no harm in posting this one as well. Hopefully this part comes out soon after the second. Thank you to everybody that has read my story. This is quickly expanding in scope and I hope you continue to enjoy reading as much as I enjoyed writing it.

**********

Chapter 3.

Twelve figures gathered in the small chamber room. They sat around a circular table, lit by the roaring of the hearthfire beside them. The stone walls were adorned with banners of all colours. Tapestries depicted events blurring the space between history and myth. Heroes fought monsters, beasts, creatures horrifying and terrible. In one a man stood proud at the prow of a ship, bleeding from one eye, pointing to the horizon with a spear in one hand and a horn in the other. In another was a woman holding a child to her breast, tears falling from her face, and a great fire blazing behind her. In the centre of the chamber laid on the circular table was a map depicting lands, towns, rivers and settlements. Above it stood the ever smirking face of Prince Iteron of Darvatan, with a gleam in his eye and a spirit in his voice.

“If Uthir believes he can mock our peoples’ customs then he is as foolish as his father,” the prince announced. The figures listened to the prince’s words, silent and pondering. “There hasn’t been a pyromancer since before Grandfather’s day. We are to believe his claims now? When harvests are bountiful and the countryside is pacified? No. We go ahead on midsummer as planned. There is no better time than now.”

“And if, by chance, he is telling the truth?” a female voice spoke. Heads turned to the girl in the green dress. Her dark hair fell in a braid over one shoulder, and she clutched a goblet in one hand. “If Uthir really does possess this kind of power then the realm itself is under threat.”

“If, and I find it humorous we are even discussing this possibility, if by some divine intervention my cousin has acquired this power, then we are prepared to face him, Magister Atzirial. The twelve of us command power in the three domains. If Uthir dares to come down from the frozen wasteland he calls a kingdom then we will destroy him.” The prince’s words were blunt, his tone caught between eerie laugh and monotony.

“You speak of war as you do of ledgers and livestock, my prince,” Kyana cas Atzirial retorted. Her words were pained, as though something weighed on her mind. Her frankness was unusual. The prince caught it all.

A figure in black spoke next. “I agree with Prince Iteron,” said Archmage Syldarin. “If such a power were to once again be in play, there would be signs. The gods do not sit idly by. A pyromancer would be an act of war amongst the gods themselves. There would be chaos in the natural order. As above, so below.”

“What of the reports of fires in the lower city?” A man in blue and gold spoke next. He wore a circlet on his head, and emblazoned on his breast was the sigil of the House of Kaharling; a thundercloud.

“What of them, Brother?” asked Iteron.

“The city watch is reporting inexplicable events occurring within our own walls,” replied the young Prince Lyros. “Twice as many fires this month, and thrice as many as the last. Sacks of grain turn black in the marketplace, and there are reports of sealed vessels suddenly barren of all liquids once opened. There is also the matter of the disturbing tidal event from last fortnight. The smell of so many rotting carcasses still lingers at port. Surely the beginnings of something far greater at work.”

Whether Iteron was angered by his brother’s adamance or took pride in it was impossible to determine from his expression. The elder prince paced towards the hearthfire, staring into the flames. The light shone on the white of his teeth, the dancing flames casting a shifting light onto the prince’s smirk.

“You have read his letter, brother. Even if there was really any threat, would you obey the whims of that madman?” said Iteron.

The young prince shifted in his seat. “Of course not. In the name of Grandfather, Uthir does not cross the Foeros River.”

“Then the matter is settled. Uthir can freeze his bollocks off for all I care. I will not hear of demands from the north again unless there is evidence confirming a pyromancer is walking the realm still breathing.” The prince’s words rang through the chamber, carrying the weight of his command.

“Yes, my prince,” said the eleven other members of the council.

“Then that will be all. Brother, Magister Atzirial, I must speak with the two of you,” said Iteron.

One by one the figures around the table left. They paid their respects, bowing their heads and saluting the princes as they left. Only three remained, the elder prince by the fire and the other two still seated. Kyana sipped from her goblet, fidgeting subtly. Lyros looked bored. The elder prince turned to address the others. “Midsummer,” he said simply.

“What of it?” asked Lyros.

“If the gods have declared war amongst themselves then that throws our plans into question,” explained Iteron.

“I thought you didn’t believe there was a pyromancer,” spat Kyana bitterly.

“I don’t believe there is. But how can we ask the favour of the Sunken One if his domain is preoccupied with battle? We need to investigate further.” The elder prince turned to his brother. “I’m sending you across the Foeros. You are to leave tonight. Let none know of your disappearance or whereabouts. Bring only men you trust, the smaller the party the better. Follow the trail of this pyromancer, and if it turns warm, then you’re to have a hunt and return to me with a new trophy to decorate the great hall.”

The young prince smiled. “Then I shall bring my bow,” Lyros said. “Kahar Eternal.”

“Kahar Eternal,” replied Iteron. The younger prince stood and made his way from the chamber.

Iteron then faced the sour face of Kyana. She was fidgeting in her seat, her fingers turned white clutching the goblet in her hand.

“And as for you.” The prince walked slowly towards the woman. “Did you think I wouldn’t catch that tongue of yours?” He reached for her free hand, seeing the tension in her body. She squirmed, the bitter expression replaced with calm as the prince wrapped her fingers between his. She squeezed his hand.

“I did as you asked, my prince. But I cannot bear it any longer. I beg of you, allow me to retire to my quarters,” she pleaded.

“We are not yet done. Sunrise to sunset, that was the agreement. By my estimate you still have some time left. I don’t grow tired of our game, Kyana. It pleases me to see what you are capable of.” The girl gasped as her hand shot between her legs. It was obvious she had leaked, but the prince made no comment on the state of her. “I saw how many cups you drank. So much water for such a small girl.”

He reached for a pitcher on the table, filling her goblet slowly. The river trickled into the goblet, the sound teasing her ears. Her face turned pale.

“Drink,” he commanded. She looked at the prince, then the goblet, a lump caught in her throat. She did as he asked, gingerly raising the goblet to her lips and forcing herself to drink the contents of the cup. “Let this be a lesson to never question me before the council. Now come. There are other matters I must attend to today.” He began to move towards the door, holding her hand in his. But she would not stand from her seat. Her other hand was buried in the folds of her skirts. He could see sweat on her brow, and her face was red with a deep blush.

“I’m afraid if I stand I will lose control, my prince.” Her voice was shaky, her fear evident in her tone. He could see the desperation in her eyes, the way she scrunched her eyebrows and squeezed his hand, her painted nails digging into the skin on the back of his hand. While he took pleasure in her plight, he had no intention of watching her humiliate herself in such a place. For the first time that day, the prince’s smirk fell from his face, and his expression grew stern.

“Then let me use my magic to help you, Kyana. I hate to see you in such pain,” the prince said.

“We both know you enjoy my pain far more than you care to admit,” she replied, biting her lip. Hand in her crotch, slowly, she stood up. She closed the distance between her and the prince, close enough that he could feel the heat from her body against his. Her legs were twisted beneath her skirts, holding on with what remained of their strength. No doubt her stockings and panties would be dripping by now. It was the prince’s turn to blush at the thought.

“But let me remind you, my prince,” she whispered, leaning in closer. Her body writhed against his in desperation. “I enjoy this far more than you ever could.”

The prince could no longer control himself. He kissed her passionately, feeling her dance beneath his touch as the pressure inside her grew. He embraced her, pulling her body close, and she gasped as their bodies collided. His crotch rubbed against her full bladder, his hands pulling her by the waist. All she could do was moan, squirm, and lean deeper into their kiss.

Suddenly she gasped, trying to pull away and lifting at her skirts to hold herself more tightly. The prince saw her hold herself, eyes closed, trying to regain control over her failing body.

“Please, my prince, I fear I cannot wait any longer. My waters are coming whether I want them to or not,” Kyana said quickly, bouncing in place. The prince watched her lift her skirts around her waist, and he saw the wetness running down her legs. How the liquid had been absorbed into her transparent underwear. He saw the bulge in her abdomen, protruding angrily, demanding release, unrelenting in its battering at her nethers for the better part of a day.

Iteron reached for the largest goblet on the table, placing it between her legs as she pulled aside her panties. The river had already begun before she had fully removed the obstruction, and her pee shot out with fury. The prince brought the mouth of the cup up to her dripping lips, and heard the violent stream ring against its sides. The relieved moan echoed from her throat against the stone walls of the chamber. Any servant walking past would surely hear either her moan or the vicious stream thundering from the girl’s pussy into the filling cup beneath her. Luckily no servants walked this part of the castle. They had all the privacy they could need.

Moans and gasps pricked at his ears so sweet. The prince could feel the goblet filling rapidly, and knew she would soon have to stop. He did not want to force her to hold any more, but they had made an agreement. The sun was low on the horizon and she would not have to wait much longer. He could feel the girl’s waters making the goblet vibrate, her stream shooting from her pussy in tense spurts. But her relief would not last. The goblet had filled as her pee approached the rim.

“It’s full, you need to stop,” Iteron told her. Kyana clenched her nethers with all her might, but she could not cut off the flow. The prince felt her warm pee drip onto his hand, her pussy spurting, red and dripping wet.

“Help me, please Iteron. I can't control it,” she pleaded with him desperately.

The air in the room felt charged, electric. The prince could smell the scent of rain, masking the sourness of pee still leaking from the desperate girl. His eyes glowed golden, and the girl felt a draft against her neck despite the lack of window in the chamber and the heavy closed door beside them. When the prince spoke, she felt his words penetrate her, the feeling electric like a thunderbolt. Every fiber of her body obeyed. She had no say in the matter. The prince’s will became the will of her body.

“Hold,” he commanded. His voice boomed deep, echoing through the chamber. The cups on the table shook from the sound. Her muscles closed, and instantly her waters ceased their unending cascade. She felt the pressure grow inside her. The goblet had not been anywhere near enough to contain her full bladder. It ached to come out, but so long as the prince’s command was spoken, her body would not obey her need to release.

The girl clutched at her pussy, taking a moment before she stood carefully, righting herself. She inspected the wetness on her stockings and skirts. Only the insides had been caught. Her panties were soaked, and she felt the piss run down her thighs to the floor. A small puddle had formed beneath her from the incident with the full goblet. The girl could barely stand still, but at least the pressure had been lessened. Without the prince’s spell she would surely have disgraced herself. He had bought her time, but the pressure was still unbearable. Her pussy throbbed, her pee hole kept unnaturally sealed.

“I can’t banish the goblet like this,” she said. The prince was already ahead of her, throwing the contents into the hearthfire. The smell of the girl’s pee filled the air, evaporating beneath the flames. The prince turned to the blushing, desperate girl. In that moment he wanted her more than anything else in the realms. She had held on so strong.

“Your body will hold far beyond what it could of its own volition so long as my spell remains active,” the prince said. “I will escort you to your chambers. Only there may you relieve yourself. Gather yourself, now. We must move with haste.” He held the girl’s hand in his, feeling her squeeze back. Before he opened the door, he leaned down to hiss her one last time. Behind closed doors they could have their fun and fill of the other’s body. In here, there was no rank or class that separated them. He was not her prince, she was not just another mage. He would have held her, squirming, in his arms for the rest of his mortal life if he could. Begrudgingly, he opened the chamber door.

"Come, Magister Atzirial," he beckoned her through the door, leading the squirming mage from the chamber towards the promise of her final, achingly sweet relief.

___

Getting into the worldbuilding with this one. Got an idea for the magic I don't think I've seen done anywhere the same way before. Part Avatar, part DnD, part Kilgrave, part Dune, I think it will lead to some very interesting outcomes later in the story. Writing the exposition of it all is a challenge I'm putting off as far into the story as I can. Esoteric philosophising is exactly the stuff that belongs in an omo fic. Anyway chapters 4 and 5 are already planned out. I'm trying to have at least one desperation plot in each chapter. If I write a chapter without any I'll probably roll it into the next and make it a 2 part release, but I'm unsure of that yet. Thank you all for reading!

*007*2026-02-28 07:25

{{13 hours ago, XxAbthedevxX said:

Damn chapter 2 still isn't approved maybe you can repost it again incase its lost in the approval request space or share an external link to it in case it isn't approved great story so far love it

}}

Not sure what happened there but chapter 2 has since been approved. Thank you for your kind words!

