The Keeper of the Keys

Author: nononono

*000*2025-01-21 21:06

At Waterloo Station each night, Brenda Symons locks the door to the ladies toilets. 11pm on the dot. Not a second earlier, not a second later. 11pm. Brenda leads a simple life. She wakes up at 11am, gets the 2:18pm train to Waterloo in time for her shift at 3pm. She sits outside the ladies toilets for eight hours, watching countless women hurriedly dashing down the stairs, sometimes clutching themselves, leaving minutes later with a relieved look on their faces. Sometimes Brenda envied them, particularly towards the end of her shift when the Diet Coke from her break rested uncomfortably in her bladder. She imagined them in there, releasing an evening's worth of beer, wine and cocktails into the slightly disgusting toilets. After all, you had to be truly desperate to consider using the station loos.

All her life, Brenda stuck rigidly to the rules. She blamed her hardline Catholic parents and a diagnosis of autism. Or at least she assumed she was autistic, her family didn't really believe in neurodivergence and she never bothered to get an official confirmation. Social situations always made her want to hide away in her room, and this job suited her down to the ground. Very little interaction with people, her main responsibility is to lock up and occasionally check the cleanliness, or restock the toilet rolls. Brenda was only 21, with a pretty face and curly brown hair. Most people assumed she'd be a complete pushover when it came to enforcing the rules.

How wrong they were. As Georgia Berkeley-Roehampton found out one cold November evening. Or as Brenda thought of her, the worst person in the world. Georgia Berkeley-Roehampton was a minor internet celebrity. She had a TikTok following of 600k, and she rejected the chance to appear on Love Island twice. At least she claimed she did. She was stunningly beautiful, even Brenda could admit that. Their paths crossed at 11:00pm, just as Brenda was locking up. Brenda heard the influencer before she saw her, her high heels clattering down the stairs. "I'll call you back babe, I'm about to piss myself," Georgia spoke down the phone in a thick Surrey accent, at a volume much louder than people typically speak, particularly when announcing their desperate need to urinate. She wore tight light denim jeans, a white t shirt and a black leather jacket. No bra, so her nipples were clearly visible in the November frost.

Georgia moaned loudly as she saw Brenda walking away from the doors, keys in hand and a 'closed' sign next to the toilet. "Babe, you're gonna need to unlock those toilets right now, it's an actual emergency," she squirmed from side to side.

"Toilets close at 11pm," Brenda deadpanned, a line she had to repeat at least once every evening.

"It's like one minute past 11," Georgia yelled, crossing her legs as the cocktail pitcher she had drunk that evening threatened to soak her jeans.

"Exactly. One minute past closing time," Brenda tried to walk away, but Georgia stopped her.

"But what am I supposed to do? I'm bursting," Georgia continued to shift on the spot.

"They will open again tomorrow at 7am," Brenda responded.

"Are you a fucking retard?" Georgia yelled. "Do you even know who I am?"

Brenda could only shake her head, scared for what might happen next. In truth, Brenda was also desperate for a wee. She looked up at the clock. 11:03, three minutes until her train. The last train of the evening.

"Right well I'll fucking show you," Georgia grabbed her phone from her pocket and started filming herself. "Hello guys, thought I'd just do a TikTok live because I can't quite believe the situation I'm in. So I've been out with the girls, cocktails flowing, chat flowing. Get to Waterloo Station, absolutely fucking bursting for a piss, and this jobsworth bitch won't unlock the fucking toilets for me because they closed a minute ago. So now, I'm stood here about to wet myself, because this stupid cunt won't open the door for me. Say hi to my followers bitch."

Brenda stifled back tears as Georgia flipped the camera to her. 11:04. She was almost certainly going to miss the train. Her bladder really was full now, but now she'd have to get the bus home. She was at least an hour away from being able to use the toilet.

"That wasn't actually a live video by the way. But if you tell anyone about what I'm about to do, I will post it on my Instagram," Georgia hissed.

"What are you about to do?" Brenda managed to speak between sobs.

Georgia undid her belt, and pulled her tight jeans to her knees. Pulling her pink frilly panties down, she revealed her neatly shaven pussy. She squatted and moaned loudly as a long stream of clear piss arched out her aching urethra. Brenda squirmed, the sound of Georgia's release driving her crazy. She was absolutely dying for a wee now. "Oooh that feels so much better," Georgie moaned as her stream finally subsided. "Guess you'll have to clean that up now," she smirked, as she pulled her panties and jeans back up. "Remember, you breathe a word of this to anyone and I release your face to my millions of followers."

As Georgia ran up the stairs, two things went through Brenda's mind. What a fucking cunt and I need a piss so badly.

