Edward 40 Hands

Author: n0comment

*000*2020-09-16 20:24

Characters:

- me: man with an omo kink

- you: woman with an omo kink

“Hey, I need a pee break,” I shout at you over the noise of the party. The room is packed with drunk people, and the music is loud.

“Oh? You’re not just gonna pee in your pants?” you ask sarcastically, thinking you’re funny. Earlier, I agreed to play edward 40 hands with friends, a drinking game where players tape one 40 oz. bottle of malt liquor to each hand and can’t remove the bottles until they consume all 80 ozs. You agreed to help me if I had to pee before the game was over. After all, I can’t can’t unzip and aim myself with a 40 in each hand. But I’m starting to think I’ve entrusted you with too much power.

“Just hold it until it’s an emergency,” you continue. “Or drink faster.”

”This is an emergency. I really gotta go. Now,” I reply. I had already been putting it off for some time, hoping I could finish the game first. But I was at the point where I could not focus or even stand still.

“Oh my god,” you say. You conceal your excitement, but you were really hoping this would happen. “This better not just be a ploy to get me to touch your dick.” You grab my arm and lead me through the crowd to the bathroom, cutting to the front of the line. You excuse us by saying “Look out! We have an emergency over here! Don’t you people know what a ‘flash flood warning’ is!”

In the bathroom, you unbutton my pants, unzip, and bring my dick out over the top of my boxers. I start going before you’re completely ready, but you figure out how to aim, somewhat clumsily, as I go. You've never aimed on of these before. “God damn, you did have to piss,” you say. I pee a heavy stream for what feels like minutes. “You’re a lifesaver,” I reply.

The relief is incredible, and I lean my head back and close my eyes. I’m not quite finished, but you realize that you can’t just let this opportunity pass. You take my dick, still pissing, and shove it back into my pants. “Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!” I stammer as I realize what’s happening. You laugh. I squirm, but there’s nothing I can do. The pee keeps coming. My boxers feel warm. I feel wetness trickling down my legs, some of it reaching my socks as the stream dies down. I’m wondering how noticeable the wet spot will be, but at the same time, the sensations turn me on so much I don’t fully care. Thoughts of my wet pants are turning you on, too.

“Oops, did I jump the gun there?” You ask, giggling. “To be fair, I told you you were going to pee in your pants. ‘Cause I know that’s what you are. You’re a pee pants.” You want to see how bad the damage is, so you squeeze my dick through my pants. With that squeeze, we can both feel the warmth and wetness, and a wet spot becomes clearly visible. You let you hand linger on it.

“It’s not that bad. I doubt anyone will even notice your… little accident,” you say, patting my dick. You survey the wet spot and grin. “Just tell them you spilled or something.”

“My little accident?” I ask.

“What? You want me to tell people that I peed your pants?”

“No…. you could finish what you started, though” I respond, gesturing toward my hardon which is now just as obvious as the wet spot.

“Oh, someone will definitely notice that,” you agree. “We better do something about it.”

