Sara, Lara, and Nakasette

Author: nakasette

*000*2018-02-14 01:16

Well, here we go again. I hope this posts the way I intend. This is supposed to be a continuation of the previous high school track desperation, perhaps more appropriately named.

A week has passed since the events took place at the track and Sara/Lara's house. I'd been keeping in contact with the both of them on a somewhat daily basis. Sara and I agreed that we would continue our routines as though nothing happened, with me making myself desperate and sneaking off under the bleachers to drain my bladder and Sara peeping and peeing as well. Usually by the time I was shaking the last few drops out she would be making her way over to contribute to the puddle, sometimes more desperately than others however. Today I had barely put my dick away when she appeared at my side and proceeded to pull her shorts down while lowering into a squat just above the earth. Soon after a hiss and splashing sound followed as she relaxed in her position.

"Whew... boy am I glad you stopped when you did, it's hard to watch someone go when you have to go. They had a sale on my favorite Juice today and I may have over done it at work." She said in a playful manner.

"You know you could just pee while I am, or even at your bush over there." I said gesturing toward where she usually spied on me. "I've heard of this thing called a toilet as well." I said laughingly.

"Toilets are boring, I like it this way, besides, I know how this affects you..." She said slyly looking at my shorts, or more accurately the tent that had been pitched there. All the while I'd been staring at her while she answered natures call and it had taken its toll. "You can't go if you get hard right? I wouldn't want to interrupt your relief."

"Well, it's not as easy, but it's not impossible for me. I don't know if I'm that unique but I can still whiz with an... er... with..." I stumbled over my words, even after everything we'd done I wasn't sure how appropriate it was to say boner in front of a lady.

"Oh? My last boyfriend used to get mad when I'd wake him up with a handjob in the morning since he couldn't get his pee out. He wasn't good at holding it in though, and he wouldn't even let me watch him when he went. You'll have to show me that trick sometime" She said in a tone which was laden with sarcasm, although I wasn't sure just how much of what she said was true or false.

"Ah ha. Very funny." I said dryly.

"Aaaaannnnndd," she said as if waiting for something, her stream was barely a trickle now, she waved her hand in sort of a circle as if to say 'get on with it' as she kept trickling, it stopped, she pushed out one more squirt, nothing followed, "Empty at last. So it's finally the weekend again, got any plans?" she asked while standing and re-dressing herself.

I would have been lying if I said I wasn't excited. I was hoping that I could join these sisters for another weekend. My last endeavor with Lara was interrupted by Sara coming home early. She worked at a theater and the schedule was sometimes unpredictable. In the end I was glad nothing too serious happened. I knew I couldn't have them both, and it wouldn't be fair to them to try.

"I'm free, what did you have in mind?" I responded as calmly as I could.

"Well, there's a showing of a movie tomorrow evening around this time that I think you'd enjoy, Lara already knows about it and was looking forward to it too. But for tonight we could just, you know, hang out?" she said with a grin most mischievous. Before I realized it she had stepped closer and yanked the front of my shorts and underwear down letting my still mostly erect penis flop out for the world to see. "Looks like someone approves." she said giggling.

"Uh, I was fine in the car before, but uh, this is kinda TOO public." I stammered, my brain was going full blank, I didn't want to object and have her stop, but I also was afraid we'd been here too long. The sun which had started to set before was now all but gone. "Let's get somewhere more private."

"Alright, as long as you're sure you can walk like that." She smiled before letting go of my pants.

"I'll manage." I spouted righting myself and pulling everything back where it belongs. We started the walk back to my car, from there it was a short drive back to Sara's house. My pants were considerably more comfortable by the time we arrived. As we approached I saw Lara's car in the driveway, what was curious was Lara was outside the car pacing around, after she spotted us she waved and waited for us to pull up before I could even turn the car off she was around the other side looking tense as Sara opened her door to her.

"Lara didn't you get off work an hour ago?" Sara asked her as she got out of the car looking puzzled.

"Well, yes, but I locked my keys in the car. I was in a big rush when I got home and EEP!" she squealed as she stuck her hand between her already tightly closed legs. "Hurry up and give me your keys, I'm about to lose it here!" She pleaded as she danced on the spot.

"Oh, sure, let me see here." Sara said as she dug through her purse.

"Oh... I can't hold it much longer..." She squirmed, finally she looked up and saw me as I was transfixed on her dance. "I swear you always see me at my worst." she chuckled before tensing up again.

"Found It!" Sara said presenting the dangling keys. Quickly Lara snatched the keys out of her hand, dashed up the stairs, as she fiddled with the lock Sara and I walked up behind her. Lara, having finally undone the cursed lock threw the door open and dashed down the hall to the waiting bathroom. I looked over Sara's shoulder in time to see the door slam and a few seconds later heard the sound of a mighty waterfall raging behind the door accompanied with a sigh of tremendous relief. Once Sara had turned the lights on to the hall it was made clear just how close Lara was, as tiny drops sprinkled a path to the toilet. Same as before, whatever design this house had made the tinkling in the bathroom audible almost everywhere if there were no sounds to drown it out, and even after 30 seconds of non-stop pissing, tinkling was much to gentle a term to describe it. Even at her most desperate I'm not sure Sara could match Lara's output.

"So, seems like you react to anyone peeing huh?" Sara stated looking back at my pants again.

"Er, I mean, it's uh..." I fumbled for something to say, I wasn't sure but I thought i detected jealousy in her tone.

"Well, I'm no stranger to competition." she said as she leaned in closer to me, she grabbed my cock through my shorts and gave a gentle squeeze. "Be sure to drink up tonight, I want to see you perform tomorrow morning."

"Perform?" I said half knowing what she meant.

"You know it, in fact, I'll challenge you to a bit of a contest all my own." she smirked as she waltz over to her tv. "Ever played Omoyo?" she challenged spinning around holding a controller.

"You mean that knockoff game about matching colors and making combos so the girl you play as gets to the toilet before her opponent?" I said in a manner that could be mistaken as lame exposition of something I just made up.

"Every round you lose is another bottle of water you have to drink. Winner gets first dibs on relief, and the loser is not allowed to go until the winner has completely finished. What do you say?" She asked.

"Alright, sounds good to me. Let me at it." I said confidently. Around the same time I noticed the chorus of Lara's pee had stopped, but I didn't think I ever heard a flush. Putting it out of my mind I readied myself for the game.

And that's all the longer I can hold it for this session, I should be back much sooner with an update this time. In the meantime... I'm not sure how to say this but, I kinda wanted to back up my claim that I can hold a lot and still pee with an erection... what i'm trying to say is, I uploaded a video of myself. yes, the real me. It's called a long pee by N, it's in the downloads section. if you want you can check it out and tell me what you think. Alright, shameless plug over. I'm out.

*004*2018-03-02 00:00

Alright, just chugged 2 bottles of water and working on a third... Time for another installment.

A Jingle played as the home screen of "Omoyo!" flashed on the television screen, visions of girls in various states of desperation spun merrily on the screen as Sara selected the 2 player option.

"I'm not going to go easy on you." she said turning to wink at me.

"Right back at you." I said turning to meet her gaze.

And with that we began, I quickly started trying to line up combinations of like colors, I was thinking I had a pretty decent set up when all of a sudden tons of drops rained down onto my plans, my girl avatar winced as she crossed her legs and bounced up and down. Seemed we were in a mall or some large building for the setting of the desperate battle, both girls were looking frantically for the one working bathroom. I looked over and Sara had just cleared her whole screen and was effortlessly guiding pairs into more formations, it wasn't long till that round ended with her soundly defeating me. Her character sighed as she just reached the toilet in time she closed the door and a light tinkle could be heard, meanwhile my girl stood and cried as pee streamed down her legs just outside. The score then counted down and as it finished the girl flushed and stepped out to witness the others embarrassment.

"That's how it's done!" she said triumphantly doing a small celebration dance and handing me a bottle. "Drink up!" she added.

"If you think one bottle is going to make me pee myself you don't know me that well." I said as I downed the whole thing in one go. "Say, how do we determine a winner?" I asked wiping my mouth.

"I was thinking first to drink 4 bottles, that's 48 oz, should be more than enough to make you ready to whiz before bed." She said rather confidently.

"Don't count me out just yet, I'm just getting warmed up." I said controller in hand.

The next round started and it seemed this time the girls were in different cars caught in a traffic jam, both girls had their hands jammed into the crotches as they squirmed in their seats. This time I started to recognize the combos more easily and managed to keep up and fire a few shots of my own before it came down to the wire, again Sara had defeated me, but only barely, I watched as her car just managed to pull into a quiet place along the road where her character hopped out and ran behind it to squat unseen. only a small stream was visible from the other side of the car, meanwhile my character again totally wet herself in her seat.

"Halfway there now!" she said giving me the second bottle. I finished it too when Lara stuck her head in the doorway.

"Uh, hey, Nakasette." she started somewhat uneasily. "Sorry to interrupt you two, but, you wouldn't happen to know anything about plumbing would you? I can't get the toilet to flush for some reason." she said sheepishly.

"Well, I don't know that much, I can look at it though." I turned to Sara. "Contest is on hold for the moment." I stood up to follow Lara and felt a slight twinge inside. Guess my bladder was filling after all, nothing bad yet. I stepped into the bathroom and instantly the smell of piss was apparent, I looked and sure enough the bowl had been noticeably filled with a yellow tint compared to the pure white of the porcelain. I stared as I wondered how many of her small vases that would fill.

"Sorry about the smell, REALLY had to go... Had a lot of coffee at work..." she sort of half mumbled as I went to remove the tank cover. Looking inside it was empty, no water coming in at all, I tried moving all the pieces inside to see if anything would happen to no avail.

"Yeah, I have no idea what's wrong, probably have to get a real plumber to look at it." I said replacing the cover.

"Come on Nakasette are you done yet? You better not be sneaking any leaks in there!" Sara said coming down the hallway.

"What are you guys doing anyway?" Lara asked looking at us both.

I searched for words before settling on "Sort of a holding contest." I fully explaining the rules we had made up as well.

"Are you guys sure you want to play that game knowing we don't have a working toilet?" Lara said in a concerned tone.

Sara bounced over into the conversation, "That's just an unexpected challenge. Can't change the rules now!"

"Well, you're both old enough to know what you're doing." She sighed "I'm not planning on cleaning anything, so no overflowing the commode."

"I won't!" Sara giggled, grabbing my arm. "Come on let's get back to it."

The next round I finally won, and the second after that, Sara took the next one, and I came back to win again tying the score 3 to 3. Whoever won this one got the chance at the toilet. Somewhere between the 3rd and 4th matches Lara had come in to watch the show. She brought in a case of some alcohol I hadn't heard of before.

"Hope you guys don't mind, work was murderous today and I just want to relax." She said as she cracked open one of the cans. She had dressed down considerably to a familiar white tank top shorts and no socks.

The final scenario put both girls on the beach in bikinis both looking for a place to let it out. I found a few combos, but Sara just kept firing away, whittling me down until the final line, once again she had beaten me, I watched her girl skip off behind some rocks, a sigh of relief and splashing was heard just out of frame. My character was getting close to the end of the line for the porta potty when she broke down peeing herself in front of everyone. Needless to say Sara was elated, if not a little desperate herself. She kept one hand between her legs as she gave me my last bottle of water.

"You should have known better than to challenge me!" Sara exclaimed as I drank down the last bottle. I was really feeling the pressure now.

"Alright, you're the winner, now hurry up and go so I can too." I said with a pained look.

"Hmm. No. I don't feel like it yet." She informed me while standing up with both her hands on her hips. Though her legs were still squeezed shut.

Lara also stood up and held her beer up. "WOO YEAH Sara!" she yelled nearly falling off balance, I looked over and was surprised to see she'd gone through six cans of whatever brand it was she brought. Looking at her now she was hardly the same business woman from a few hours ago, her shirt was askew and her tits were bouncing as she danced in a stupor, and her shorts were slightly down revealing a tiny pair of underwear inside.

"Come on, get it together Sis." Sara said walking over to her. "She always was a lightweight."

"I jus' think I'm goin' to go to sleep here... you kids don' wait up fer me ok?" Announced Lara falling back into her seat.

"Sounds good to me, well, shall we go to bed?" Sara said grinning as she settled down onto one of the long couches. "Goodnight."

"Aren't you forgetting something?" I asked as she laid down.

She paused and put a finger to her cheek. "Uh, nope, don't think so. See you tomorrow, oh and be sure not to wet the couch!"

"Same goes for you then." I said taking a spot on the other couch. My penis wanted to piss pretty badly, but a bet was a bet. I closed my eyes and finally drifted off to sleep.

I was suddenly in my homeroom at school. I wasn't sure what was going on but I had to pee like a racehorse. I looked around for the teacher so I could ask to be excused but didn't see her anywhere. I sat holding my legs together trying to keep the flood at bay, but time was running out. I searched the room to see if anyone was looking at me but they all seemed distant. Hastily I undid the button of my jeans giving room for my bladder to expand, I reached into my underwear and grabbed my dick. I could almost feel like it was filling with urine, and the tip was all that was holding it back.

The clock on the wall had completely stopped ticking. I had to go. Now. I jumped up from my seat and ran out of the room, the hallway was long, longer than it should be, but at the end I could see it, a urinal, pristine and white and waiting to accept my waters. I ran, still holding myself as I felt like my dick was getting bigger, I looked down and everything was swollen, my bladder and penis and all, I could swear I could hear it begging "Please let me go, I want to let out lots of pee!" The urinal seemed to respond in kind. "Let me take all your suffering away..." I had finally made it to the urinal and I was about to let go when I heard a loud thud.

"HAH!" I shouted, springing awake and just barely catching myself before I went. I was back in Sara's house, it was dark save for a light on by the chair that Lara passed out in. As my eyes adjusted I could make out a squirming Lara and Sara both standing together in the middle of the room.

"Oh, hey Nakasette..." Sara said softly, "You've got good timing, I'm about to piss myself and Lara isn't doing much better. but she just stubbed her toe on the wall and now she's having trouble walking. Could you help us?"

Lara whined, "Sara... I can't hold it... I'm going to leak..."

"Ok, got it." I said standing I got into position under her other shoulder. "Where to now?" I asked rubbing my thighs together.

Sara winced holding herself with one hand. "Out the back, only place we can all go." she said as she started to step forward. "Come on Lara, almost there, you can do it." we all hobbled through the dim hallway and out the back clumsily each of us nursing a bursting bladder. It was rough going, the first blast of cool night air all made us shiver and Lara nearly collapsed.

"Guys, I'm going to pee. it's too late..." Lara said sleepily.

"Just wait 5 more seconds, Naka, help me get her pants down." Sara said bending down and started pulling on Lara's shorts.

"Uh, alright." I said somewhat surprised, but I guess it wasn't anything I hadn't seen before. I pulled her pants all the way to her ankles and Sara took hers down too. As soon as I stood up I heard the hiss of a badly needed leak coming from Lara, with a second one coming from Sara right after. Wasting no time I pulled out my dick and immediately began pissing into the rapidly growing puddle in the middle of our semicircle of urination.

"Hah... ha..."

"Ahhhhh..."

"Whew..." we all sighed and moaned as our streams poured out endlessly onto the concrete.

"Mmmnn, hey... that's a penalty Naka... you're supposed to wait til i'm done before you get to go..." Sara said looking at the river of urine gushing out of my cock. "I'll come up with a punishment later."

"Ohhh, that feels sooo good... I didn't know you knew how to whiz standing up Sara." Lara said glancing at the waterfall Sara was putting out. I looked as well, i hadn't ever seen her pee standing myself, but she had a method, keeping herself spread so the stream shot cleanly out and away from her legs, all with one hand. I glanced over to Lara and saw she wasn't having too much trouble despite the awkward way she was being held. Eventually all our streams came to an end, at which point we hobbled back into the house. Exhausted we proceeded to go back to sleep to await the next day.

And that's where this tale ends yet again. Will they ever go to the movies? What is Sara's penalty? I don't know! Bye!

