Alice on the train

Author: NudaVeritas

*000*2022-08-20 10:34

Its my first story, i don't really know if its that good. I had this fantasy in my head for over 5 years or so, its finally time to describe it Apologize for any grammar mistakes, im not English-native.

Alice on the train

When alarm knock off at 6:30 AM, Alice was still sleeping. Her mom entered her room and quickly push the button on alarm clock.

- Wake up, my darling! You gotta be on the station at 8:00!

- I knooow - Alice yawned and began to get up.

She unfolded her blanket and sit on her bed. After one more yawn, she felt strong enough to actually go to bathroom. She took off her nightshirt and stepped into the shower, to clean her nice, tall and slim body. Alice was 175cm tall, 19 years old brunette and today was her last high school trip.

After showering, she put out her high waist jeans, white sneakers and bright blue t-shirt.

Her mom noticed her and looked up critically:

- Honey, would you wear something more comfortable? - her mom showed up at the dormroom.

- Mom, let me wear what i want. Im grown!

- OK, OK. - mom rolled her eyes - Here, have some water. It would be over 30 degrees today. Remember to stay hydrated.

Alice quickly grabbed a 2 litres bottle of water and put into her big travel backpack.

- Packed? Ready? You sure you have everything?

- Yea mom, let's just go.

###

After coming into train station, Alice recognized her best friend - Nika.

- You're ready for it? - Alice hugged Nika firmly.

- Yess... Remember, we have whole room just for us!

- Unless some of the boys would come.

- Noo, we won't let them in! Girls nights for the whole week!

Alice felt thirsty already, so she headed out to small shop next to the train station. She looked to her wallet, counting all the money her mom gave it for the trip.

"Hmm... Lets wait with water for later, i want... iced coffee. And that big bottle of cola... No, no cola. Stay healthy, girl. Orange juice it is."

After paying, she noticed Nika coming her way.

- Hey, do you know if there's any toilets there?

- Should be that door - Alice pointed out and headed to rest of the group.

Mrs Stacy, their teacher showed up

- Kids, quickly. Our train wil be there in any minute. Everybody should be here, do not go anywhere.

Nika hurried up to Alice.

- Toilet's closed. Screw it, i will go on the train.

- You know how train toilet look?

- When you gotta go, you gotta go - Joanne summed it up.

Train just rolled on the platform. Whole group of teenagers tried to go on the board as quickly as possible, just to take the best compartments to themselves. Ms Stacy was helpless, and after making sure everybody got onboard, she walked in with rather unpleasant face.

Nika and Alice quickly jumped into one of the compartments. Alice closed the curtains and three girls sat on soft seats.

Alice was rather short, only 165cm, but her light blond hair and bright blue eyes made her look really cheerful and original. She was wearing blue jeans and white t-shirt.

On the other hand, Nika was a tall girl with black hair and brown eyes. Wearing cream-brown body and grey leggins, she was looking rather comfortable.

Train finally started.

###

Two hours later.

- Remember when we go on the party, and this stupid guy tried to get laid?

- He was so ugly!

- And drunk as hell! I don't think he even made it past midnight!

Girls was chatting for a some time now. Alice finished the iced coffee long time ago, so she started to get thirsty. Fourtunately, the big bottle of orange juice was still unopened. Alice grabbed it and start pouring time after time.

Nika took another sip out of her diet coke bottle.

- How you can drink this?

- Its diet coke! Not the regular one.

- Do you think its make any difference?

- It does. Besides, im not the one that needs to be on the diet.

Nika finished the diet coke.

- Anyway, Im heading to the bathroom.

- Next! - Alice clapped her knee.

After some time, Nika came back with infruated face.

- Busy. I've waited, but nobody's came out.

- Maybe one of them stupid boys are smoking. Its smells so bad after them!

They continued to chat and laugh together, when somebody knocked to the compartment's door.

- Open!

Older lady opened the door. She was holding a big garbage can on wheels.

- Cleaning... Give me those plastic junk.

Girls handled her empty cake box and couple of bottles.

- Anyway, what was the topic?

- Guys blocking out the bathroom.

- Yes! Remember this one idiot, what is his name... Fernando? He's smoking like crazy. I wonder what his girl see in him...

- Maybe she think its cool.

- Or maybe she's just stupid. Like him.

They both laughed. Alice's bladder started to showing off first signals.

- I'll check out the toilet.

Alice walk outta the compartment, but after heading the toilets, they were still busy.

" I will just go to another car".

She tried to open the door, but they were closed.

"What the..." - she told quietly to herself, but conductor saw her.

- Lady, you can't go to another car. Something is broke in security system, and doors are locked.

- But... When they will be open?

- Don't know. Quick, back to your compartment.

- Toilet's still busy, and i couldn't go to another car. Fuck!

- Ehh, those trains. Always something happens! - Nika replied.

She was sitting with her legs crossed.

- I think i need to go now... Damn those boys! They always think only about themselves.

- You're right there. I'll check the toiled soon, should be opened.

###

Hour later

Alice was reading a book, as the train was moving fast through forest. She was sitting with legs crossed, and one hand between them.

She couldn't really focus on the book itself. Her bladder was aching.

Her tight jeans were making it even more uncomfortable.

- Whats up with this toilet? I don't believe its always occupied! - said Nika. Her legs were firmly closed together.

- I'll check that out. - Alice said.

After standing up, she had to close her muscles. "You're 18, girl. You will be fine". - she told to herself.

After a while, Alice was standing in front of the bathroom's door, knocking time after time.

- Are somebody's there! Please, hurry up!

But no one was responding. Alice pulled the door's handle. Closed.

- Please! I really have to go!

Nothing. Alice quietly went back to her compartment.

- Its closed. And apparently no one's there.

- You're joking, right - Nika looked at her, terrified. - Im about to burst!

- Me too! - Alice crossed her legs.

- Maybe... we need to just wait.

- I can't wait!

- I will hold it. I don't know how, but i will. - Alice told to herself.

####

Hour later.

Alice couldn't think. Only think she can feel was huge pressure on her bladder. It wasn't just desperation. It was constant pain.

- Do... do we have any... Nika was struggling hard, pressing her crotch with legs crossed.

- Do we have what?

- Bottles...

- No, this lady... She throw it away.

Train bumped. Alice felt a wave of pain in her abdomen. She looked at Nika.

- I don't... i feel like... im going to...

- Don't say that. Please... Im aching to just hold it in.

- Maybe... Maybe the toilet is open now?

- Don't! Just don't say the word... toilet.

- I'll try to check.

Alice tried to stood up. But as soon as she moved, she felt a little spurt coming to her panties.

- I can't... I can't move. Maybe you can check...

- Noo!

Nika put her hand off her crotch. Big wet patch was clearly visible.

That made Alice even more desperate. Suddently, she felt another wave of pain. It was too strong. Alice realized her crotch became wet. She was able to stop the flow, but pain increased.

- Nika... I don't think im gonna make it.

- Im trying... But... - Nika was trembling. - I... i can't.

Alice was breathing heavily. Desperation increased and it felt worse by every minute. She unzipped her pants, but that made things even harder. Wave of desperation hit her worse than before.

- Ouch! It hurts!

She felt another, bigger spurt. Wet stain on her jeans was now pretty big.

- Alice... I... I think i... - Nika was clearly struggling.

- What, Nika, what?

Instead of her friend's response, she heard hiss and saw how Nika's grey jeans became darker and darker.

- Im sorry...

That was too much for Alice. She felt another big and very long spurt coming to her pants, through her panties.This time, she doesn't even tried to stop it. She uncrossed her legs, closed her eyes and finally felt this amazing feeling. Relieve in her abdomen.

- Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

First couple of seconds, Alice couldn't even feel she's peeing. Pain was gone. She was drowning in warmness. It was strongest relief she ever felt in the entire life.

- Yeeeees... Aaaaah...

She opened her eyes, while still peeing. Her whole seat was completely wet. Pee was going so strong, that the stream got through her pants and was clearly visible.

- Im sorry... But this was too much for me.

- Don't feel bad about it. Damn toilet wasn't working all the time. - Nika said.

Her leggins were completely soaked, and therefore, her white panties were clearly exposed.

- Lock the door. We need to change clothes.

- Would you mind if i... - Alice asked.

- Sure, go on.

Alice removed completely soaked jeans, and wearing only panties, she took out her bag.

- I should have some pants to change...

Nika was looking at her, smiling.

- You don't want to dress up? - Alice asked, while looking for clothes.

- Nah, not now. I like this feeling.

- I think you're little weird sometimes.

- Maybe. Is it bad, to be weirdo?

- Not at all.

Alice smiled, and begin to change her clothes.

