Helen: The Elevator Ride

Author: NotDusty

*000*2017-08-09 18:50

Hi guys, I've written another story about Helen, sort of following on from "Helen: The Lady on the Plane".

If you've got any questions or suggestions for future stories involving Helen please leave them below, I'm always happy to hear your thoughts. Saying that, I've got a couple of ideas already and will write about Helen again in the not too distant future.

Enjoy :)

###

"Another pint, Helen?" Came the call from the other side of the room.

Helen's bladder twinged, demanding her attention, but she tried to ignore it.

"Ooh yes please, thanks very much Dave" came Helen's response.

Helen decided that this would be her last, as it would soon be time to head back to the office. She was on an extended 'working' lunch and while she wanted to relax and enjoy herself, she needed to maintain a modicum of professionalism. The purpose of the lunch was for Helen, as a bidding manager for DLB (a major infrastructure and construction consultancy), to get to know her prospective clients over at the Department for Transport a bit better. DLB had recently put in a strong bid to build part of a new bypass in Lincolnshire. Whilst not the biggest contract DLB had ever seen, it would represent Helen's first big win as they relatively newly appointed manager of the bidding team.

Helen, as ever, was dressed to impress. She had a low cut blouse that stopped just short of showing off her ample, voluptuous breasts. Her suit jacket nipped in at her narrow waist while her skirt stopped a good 6 inches short of her knee. It was tight enough to show the outline of her broad hips and large, perky bum. The 5 inch black heels she had chosen only helped to further emphasise her hourglass figure. Helen knew only too well the power that a woman like her wielded over the middle aged male contracts managers she often dealt with.

Dave, one of her assistant bidders, returned from the bar with Helen's fourth pint of the afternoon. Helen glanced at her watch. She had about twenty minutes until she needed to be on her way. She shuffled in her seat.

"I think this'll be my last one Dave, I need to be on my way fairly shortly, much as I'd like to stay."

"Ahh that's a shame, but that's no problem, I think I'll need to make a move too. I've got that Skype meeting with Sue and some folks from HR in a little while" he said, rolling his eyes.

"Ooh that sounds like great fun, still, I think Erica and Laura have got the DfT guys just about occupied." She quipped.

They both glanced over to the other side of the room where Helen's two bidding assistants were drinking merrily, laughing and talking freely with the DfT managers. Helen couldn't remember the DfT guys being all that funny, but it looked like Erica and Laura's shameless flirting may help DLB win the contract, so Helen didn't really mind. Another dull pulse from her bladder reminded Helen that she really should be on her way soon.

The lunch had started just after 12, and it was now almost 15:00. Helen was about a third of the way through her fourth pint, and had not relieved herself since around 10:30.She'd come straight to the lunch from a meeting, and the old pub had very limited, rather unpleasant toilet facilities, so up until now she had decided to hold it. This fact, combined with the coffee she had had to get her through her 11:00am meeting, meant that all of a sudden getting to a bathroom was at the forefront of Helen's mind.

She prided herself on having a good, strong bladder. She often lasted through tedious 3 hour board meetings where they were all plied with copious tea, coffee and water. Helen had always resisted nipping out to the loo so as to not look weak in the male dominated environment in which she worked, although the men were more than happy too.Truth be told, Helen quite enjoyed having a full bladder. She felt that it sharpened her mind, and stopped her losing focus during the endless conversations about cost margins, resourcing, and contract negotiations. She had had several close calls on a few occasions, but nothing that a surreptitious crossing of the legs and a quick dash to the toilet after the meeting couldn't solve.

However holding almost four pints of beer and a coffee for almost five hours was a slightly different ball game.

Helen and Dave carried on sipping their drinks and discussed how the lunch had gone. Dave, as a relatively experienced bidding assistant, had a couple of pointers for Helen, who was still fairly new to her role as manager. Helen, keen to be seen as an approachable manager who interacted freely with her colleagues, listened as intently as she could. But the fullness of her bladder made it very difficult to her concentrate, and just about all she could muster was a series of strained 'mhmm's' and 'ahh yes's'. Before too long they had both finished their drinks and gathered their things to leave.

"Think I might just nip to the loo Helen, while we're here" said Dave.

"Good idea, I should probably do that too" Helen replied, trying to disguise her obvious enthusiasm for the proposal.

Helen followed Dave downstairs from the private function room on the top floor of the pub, walking gingerly past the bar and towards the toilets. The old pub just across from the DLB offices was very behind the times, with only one cubicle for men, and one for women. Dave pushed open the door and entered the men's. Helen pushed open the door to the ladies but once inside was confronted with an "ENGAGED" sign. Her bladder pulsed again. She tried to shove a hand into her crotch, but her tight business skirt rendered the move pointless. Luckily there was no leakage, yet.

Helen waited for a minute or so, pacing gently on the spot, but then heard Dave coming out of the other toilet. She considered making a quick dash into the men's, but didn't want to show herself up in front of her colleague. Besides, the journey over the road and up to the 40th floor of the high-rise building DLB occupied would only take 5 minutes or so. Helen hadn't had such a full bladder since the plane ride back from holiday where she had so nearly disgraced herself, but she was pretty sure she could manage. She reluctantly exited the toilet and joined Dave.

"All good to go?" Dave smiled.

"Absolutely, all those beers can really get to you huh?" Helen replied through slightly gritted teeth.

By now Helen's outfit was beginning to work against her. The high heels made every step a sharp jolt that made her wince terribly, as her bladder gave out signals that it wanted badly to void its contents. The tight business skirt she had chosen to show off her broad hips and bum not only stopped her from holding her crotch; it also cut into Helen's stomach unbearably as the bulge of her bladder slowly grew.

They left the pub, went over the road, and entered the lobby of the DLB offices. Helen had to rush slightly to keep up with Dave, who took such long strides, and the jolting sensation on her bladder caused her to wince and again attempt hold herself. Helen fumbled for her lift pass as Dave called the lift down to the ground floor. After a short while the lift arrived and Helen and Dave entered. The entrance to the lift was narrow, and in her haste to get to the 40th floor, Helen bumped into Dave and her pass was knocked out of her hand and on to the floor of the lift. Dave stooped to retrieve the pass, but out of instinct and embarrassment Helen quickly bent to pick it up herself. This turned out to be a mistake.

The waistband of Helen's skirt dug sharply into her bladder, compressing it when it could not be compressed, and a short, sharp jet of pee escaped her bladder, burst through her tiny cotton thong, and soaked into the seat of her tight business skirt. Helen gasped, squeezed her bladder shut with all her might, retrieved her pass and slowly stood up. She was careful to keep her front facing Dave, as she was sure she now had a large wet spot on the seat of her skirt.

"Are you ok?" Dave said.

"Fine" said Helen "I just bent down too quickly."

She placed her lift pass on the scanner which instantly blinked green. Dave selected the 40th floor and the lift doors slid slowly closed. Helen's condition seemed to be worsening by the moment. The leak had moistened her underwear and broken the seal. This made her need to pee even more urgent. Her bladder throbbed incessantly, begging for relief.

Had Helen been in the lift alone, she would have had no shame about hitching up her skirt and plunging a hand between her legs to make sure she reached the 40th floor without further incident. As she was with Dave, this was obviously out of the question. Helen instead had to settle for using her bladder muscles alone. If she lost another spurt then she knew it would begin to run down her legs, and the game would almost certainly be over. The lift ascended smoothly up through the building, and Helen, while totally on edge, unable to converse with Dave, clenched her muscles and thought - prayed - that she was in with a chance of getting the relief she so desperately craved.

However, as they passed the 36th floor, the lift began to slow, and stopped short on the 38th floor. The doors opened and they were greeted with the face of a young, cheery looking man in blue overalls.

"I'm really sorry guys, but we're having a bit of trouble with the system on the 39th floor. If you want you can wait and we should have it sorted in about ten minutes, otherwise if you want to go any further up you can use the back staircase just around the corner there."

This news could not have been worse for Helen. She doubted whether she was going to last another five minutes, let alone another ten. Taking the stairs was going to be similarly problematic. Walking upstairs was difficult enough in the tight skirt Helen had chosen, and the high heels only worsened the situation. Coupled with her full, already leaking bladder, she doubted her ability to make it. But the only other option was to wet herself in front of Dave, and after that he would never respect her.

"No" Helen thought. "I made it against all the odds at the airport, and I can make it now."

"I don't suppose there's a loo on this floor is there?" Helen asked the man in the overalls.

"I'm afraid not miss" the man replied. "There's a men's on the 38th here and then the next women's is on the 39th, but you'll need a pass to get onto the 39th floor from the back staircase."

"Ahh, never mind then" Helen breathed through gritted teeth, knowing that her and Dave's passes would not grant them access to the 39th floor.

"What do you wanna do Helen, fancy the stairs?" Dave inquired innocently.

"Yes, O...ok then" Helen stammered.

Dave let Helen go first up the stairs, much to her dismay, as her leak from earlier would now be clearly visible to him. There were four staircases between the two floors, each of about 15 stairs, and Helen knew it would be a struggle.

She tried to walk normally up the first few stairs, but quickly realised it was futile. The pressure her skirt exerted on her overly full bladder as it was stretched tight across her stomach was unbearable. She instead had to take each stair very slowly, and step both feet up onto a stair before advancing to the next one. Dave, having now seen the wet spot on Helen's skirt, and overheard the conversation with the lift engineer, started to put two and two together.

"Are you ok Helen?" He inquired innocently.

"Yes Dave, I'm alri..." Helen started, before gasping and desperately pawing at her skirt and crossing her legs where she stood, as her bladder pulsed urgently once more.

"...I, actually Dave, I never got to go at the pub. I'm absolutely bursting for the loo, as you can probably tell."

"Oh" came Dave's stunned response.

Despite Helen's obvious predicament, he hadn't expected her to be so open about it.

"Yes, I haven't been to the loo since about half past ten. I had a coffee just after that to get me through the meeting with Martin. Then we went straight to the pub. I had four pints there and because that pub is so bloody outdated, I never got to go" Helen blurted out. She jigged around slightly on the spot as she talked. "I've had probably 5 pints of liquid and haven't relieved myself in 5 and a half hours".

"I see" said Dave, still stunned at his managers candour.

"Do you think you'll be ok?" inquired Dave.

"I don't know, but I've got to try, I'm right on the edge." Came Helen's strained response. "Can you do me a favour Dave?"

"Of course"

"Don't tell anyone about this, I'm new to this job and no one would ever take me seriously if they found out about this." Helen murmured.

"No, no of course not."

"Thanks"

"Now let's get you to the loo, I've seen you drinking all that coffee in meetings Helen. I know you've got a bladder of steel. You can make it" Dave smiled, knowingly. Helen was slightly surprised to learn that anyone had noticed, but didn't have time to worry right now.

She turned and began her way up the second flight of stairs. She continued gingerly placing one foot on each step, followed by the other. She cursed herself for wearing the skirt and heels, and vowed to wear more practical clothing in future if heavy drinking were to be involved. Her bladder pulsed again, and this time a strong spurt emanated from her crotch. Most of it ran down her legs but a few drops landed on the stair under her feet. She bent at the waist and crossed her legs again, hitching up her skirt and holding herself with one hand as she did it.

Dave looked on in awe at his desperate boss, as her broad hips swayed seductively in his face. She wiggled back and forth, trying to contain herself while Dave enjoyed the show.

Helen steeled herself for another few steps. She pushed off with one foot and placed it on the next step. She pushed off with the next foot and gasped as it slid out from beneath her, slipping on the pee from moments before. She sat down with a bump on the stair, and immediately the floodgates opened. Her skirt, stretched tight across her bladder, forced her pee out and through her now soaked thong at a rapid rate. A loud, high pitched hissing sound began as Helen sat, wetting herself in the back stairwell, as Dave looked on in amazement.

Helen tried desperately to clamp off the flow, plunging her hand between her legs, trying to limit the damage to her clothes, and the damage to her reputation with Dave. But it was no good. Her tired bladder had been longing for relief for some time now, and Helen could do nothing to regain control over her tired muscles. Her stream continued unrelentingly for at least two minutes.As the flow slowed and eventually stopped, Helen stood up examined the damage to her clothes. Her skirt was totally ruined. The seat of her skirt was soaked through and large streaks ran all the way down the back of it. Her thong was soaked too, and her expensive black high heels also clearly showed traces of pee.

"Oh god" Helen gasped.

"Here, do you want my jacket?" Dave asked, sliding one arm out of the sleeve.

"I think I better had" Helen replied.

"Dave, could you do me a huge favour?"

"Of course."

"Here's the key to my locker, there's a spare pair of trousers in amongst some other clothes, could you go and get them and bring them to me? I'll be in the ladies on our floor."

"Sure, do you want me to put them just outside the door or do you want to come out and get them?" Dave replied.

"Err, I think there's bag somewhere in my locker too, if you put the trousers in there and leave it outside the door, then text me and I'll come out and get them" Helen said, still hugely embarrassed, but thankful for Dave's help.

"Ok then, let's go" Dave said.

Helen tied the sleeves of Dave's suit jacket around her waist, taking care to cover her soaked bottom with the body of the jacket, and continued up the stairs. The reception area of the DLB office was mercifully quiet, and Helen trotted quickly across it and into the toilet, whilst Dave headed for the lockers.

Dave retrieved the trousers, bagged them up, left them outside the ladies and text Helen to let her know he had done so. Helen, having hidden in a cubicle, gratefully retrieved the trousers and changed into them, dried out her skirt as best she could, and disposed of her sodden underwear.

She cursed the fact that she had chosen this pair of trousers as her spare pair as they were fairly old. They sat rather low (as had been the fashion at the time) and very tightly across her hips (barely acceptable for office wear) and fit snuggly around her firm, round bum. None of this was helped by the fact that Helen had put on some weight and was rather more voluptuous than when she had original bought them. They really were too tight, but they would have to do.

Helen bagged up her skirt and exited the toilets. Dave, who sat close to reception, admired the view as Helen walked past him with her hips swaying seductively in the tight trousers.She returned to her desk, opened her laptop and settled back into her day to day groove of batting away emails and fielding the odd phone call from her bidding assistants.

###

About an hour later Helen felt a dull twinge in her bladder. She tried to put it off for a minute and complete an email, but the signal could not be ignored. She got up and made a quick dash to the ladies. In the 30 seconds it took to get there her desperation increased rapidly. Her tired muscles were screaming for relief and the tight trousers she was wearing were not helping as they compressed her bladder terribly. She entered the cubicle and tore her trousers down. Her tired sphincter muscles gave way and pee shot out of her at some rate for what must have been at least a minute. Only now had the last few pints caught up with Helen. Pleased she had avoiding a second accident, Helen wiped herself up, exited the toilet and went back to work. She only had half an hour left until she could leave.

###

At the end of the day Helen did not bother going again, despite a very slight twinge from her bladder. "There's no way I can need to go again this soon" she thought confidently.

She filled up her water bottle and necked it straight away, as by now she was feeling the dehydrating effects of the earlier beers. She refilled it and sipped it slowly as she left the DLB office and made her way to the station. The half hour train journey never normally bothered Helen, but today was different. The busy train had no free seats, so Helen was forced to stand. By the time she reached her stop, she was clinging onto her composure for dear. Her tired bladder muscles were once again screaming for release. Her tight trousers allowed her to hold herself, which was a huge relief. Luckily for Helen she and John only lived a short five-minute walk from her nearest station. She hobbled the normal five-minute walk in just under ten minutes, shoved her key into the front door and flung it open. She flung her bag down and rushed for the bathroom. She took down her trousers, and once again released a torrent from her bladder.

As she was getting changed out of her work clothes, Helen's mind began to wander back to her earlier accident. Dave, far from being disgusted, had seemed almost fascinated by her predicament. Helen wondered if this was just her mind playing tricks, but she decided she would take it up with Dave when they next spoke.

Helen's mind then turned to Erica and Laura; what had become of her two assistant bidders? The last she had seen them they had been merrily throwing back drinks. Helen hadn't seen either of them leave the company of the DfT managers over the course of the whole lunch. Helen had struggled and ultimately disgraced herself, so what of Erica and Laura, who had been drinking far more than her? The next departmental meeting was going to be very interesting indeed!

###

To be continued...

