Back of the Line (MCU Fanfic)

Author: Noot

*000*2020-08-12 21:47

This is an MCU fanfic written as a commission. It's set in an alternative timeline where Thanos's invasion and the snap doesn't happen, and it's a few years after Black Panther, so Shuri is an adult. Enjoy!

###

There weren't many restaurants in New York that could comfortably seat a party of sixteen adults around one table, but Le Désespoir was one of them. Tucked away just south of what had once been been Stark Tower, it was the kind of place that was always packed- and this Saturday afternoon was no different. Every table was rammed full of customers, all eager to try some of the most coveted food in the city. Hundreds of diners crowded the eatery, buzzing with conversation. The women, gathered socially to celebrate Pepper Potts' birthday, weren't all huge fans of busy restaurants. But it was a favourite of Miss Potts, who was the perfect host as one of the few locals present, and so they had booked for lunch at Le Dés.

As three 'o' clock ticked around, the group were finishing their entrées around the biggest table available, which was spread across much of the back of the room. Pepper herself sat at one end, sipping red wine in a wine-red dress. To her left, Hope van Dyne was deep in conversation about technology with Shuri, who was waving her arms animatedly as a wide-eyed Mantis listened in. Opposite, meanwhile, Carol Danvers was smirking at some joke she'd just heard from Valkyrie, who seemed to be sitting a little closer than her chair had been when they arrived. Neither noticed the watchful eye of Okoye, who was sitting quietly, observantly, watching the meal unfold and speaking only occasionally.

Maria Hill was also more than a little quiet, content to simply take in the more flamboyant personalities around her. The S.H.I.E.L.D agents (not that any of them looked much like agents in their casual getup) she'd invited with Pepper's permission weren't quite so passive; Melinda May and Daisy Johnson were engrossed in some chat while Jemma Simmons explained a joke to a baffled Nebula. Gamora was sitting across from her sister, making polite conversation with Peggy Carter- neither of them understood much about 21st Century American life, so they had plenty to talk about. Completing the scene was Wanda Maximoff- who, in jeans and a red hoodie, clearly hadn't gotten the 'dress smart' memo- and Natasha Romanoff, who sat all the way opposite Pepper, looking formidable as always.

The meal had been wonderful, if expensive- but no sooner had the dessert orders been taken than things started to go wrong. Mantis, who was still absolutely fascinated by Shuri's explanations of Wakandan science, began to feel something strange in her stomach. This was more than odd for Mantis, who was used to strange feelings, but not when she wasn't touching anyone. This sensation wasn't unlike that of reading Peter Quill- dark, heavy, like a storm brewing. But he was nowhere to be seen. This feeling was coming from... inside of her. It pulled her focus away from the conversation, and she turned to Nebula, one of the few people around the table whom she knew well.

"I feel strange," she said quietly, hoping nobody else around the table could hear. She preferred to stay away from the centre of attention.

"Strange? How so?" Nebula asked, puzzled.

"In my stomach. It feels heavy," she clarified.

"Yes, I feel it too. I do no know why. I will ask Gamora," Nebula decided, turning to her ivy-skinned sister. "Sister, Nebula and I are experiencing strange feelings in our stomachs. Do you know the cause of this?"

Gamora looked concerned. "Yeah, I have that too. I thought it was just me. God, I don't know if that's worrying or reassuring," she muttered.

"What does it mean?" Mantis asked curiously.

"I assumed I just ate too much, but if you feel it too it's probably food poisoning," she took one look at Mantis's confused stare and added, "it means you're gonna need to go to the bathroom soon, and a lot, and it's not gonna be fun".

"Well, let's go!" Mantis said, starting to get to her feet, but Gamora quickly stopped her.

"We're the only three here any of us know well, and I feel like some people still don't trust us yet," she explained, "It will look suspicious if we all go to the bathroom together. Let's try and figure out if anyone else is feeling it too".

Nebula had never been an expert at reading emotions, but even a quick scan across the table was enough for her to deduce that they were not the only ones feeling off. Natasha looked tight-lipped and distracted, Valkyrie and Carol had stopped their flirtatious back-and-forth and Jemma was nervously sipping her water. Even Okoye was clearly uncomfortable- the usually emotionless warrior was shifting in her seat. Just as Nebula was about to say that she didn't think it was just them feeling ill, a noise came from her right, sounding like something she'd heard from Peter and Drax hundreds of times- a fart. Immediately, almost every head around the table whipped around to look at the area where the sound had originated. Although Nebula and Mantis weren't close enough to know who exactly was the guilty party, it was clear from a glance what the source had been. Hope and Pepper were staring directly at young Shuri, who looked mortified.

"I moved my chair," she babbled quickly, knowing nobody was buying it, "it must've rubbed against the floor".

"On a carpet?" Carol asked, raising an eyebrow, but Valkyrie shushed her lovingly.

"Better out than in," the Asgardian said, "where I come from, farting is respected. It means you ate well". At the other end, the S.H.I.E.L.D agents were craning their necks to figure out what had happened. Helpfully, Carol offered an explanation.

"Shuri farted," she told them.

"I didn't," the teenager began to say, but quickly gave up- she knew that everyone had heard it. Five metres away, though, May leant in towards Daisy and spoke in a hushed voice.

"That reminds me- I have to use the bathroom before the desert comes. Watch my drink?"

"Sure, but can't it wait until the meal finishes?"

"No, sorry, I think I ate something bad. I really have to go," May said quickly, getting up from her seat. As she started to move, she was interrupted by Peggy, who looked anxious about something.

"Sorry, I couldn't help overhearing- did you say you ate something bad?" the Englishwoman said.

"Yeah, feels like my stomach is cramping- why?"

"I'll come too," Peggy said, blushing, "I feel the same".

Next to her, Gamora had overheard the entire exchange. That meant that herself, Nebula, Mantis, Peggy and May all needed to use the bathroom, and likely Shuri too, from the wet sound of that fart. Something needed to be said by someone, and since she was the only one who seemed to have pieced it all together so far, it might as well be Gamora. She cleared her throat, brushed her dark hair away from her face and spoke up.

"Okay, everyone, I know this is a bit of a personal question, but does anyone else need to go to the bathroom?" she said, hoping she wasn't imagining things. But the dozen concerned looks she was met with told her that she had been right- they were all feeling it.

"I do," said Wanda from the end of the table. Beside her, Natasha nodded in agreement.

"Yes, me too," said Shuri, to nobody's surprise.

"And me," Maria confessed. There was a shocked silence settling over the group. Through the quiet, everyone could hear Pepper Potts' stomach grumble loudly. It sounded like a sound effect from some kind of movie, but the panic in her eyes told Gamora that it was very, very real. Pepper placed one hand on her disquiet belly.

"I have to go too," she whispered, looking straight at Gamora, "which means..."

"Food poisoning?" Gamora asked.

"Food poisoning," Pepper agreed.

"What does that mean?" Nebula said, her voice weak. Her voice was rarely anything even approaching weak, but she was deeply uneasy, and the feeling in her body was growing stronger by the second. The stench of Shuri's fart was still in the air.

"It means we're in trouble," said Natasha simply.

###

"Alright, let's not panic," Pepper said, taking charge as hostess, "We'll be fine if we organise this". She looked around the table, trying to assess the damage so far. "Now obviously, we can't all go to the bathroom at the same time. So whoever's most in need can go first and the rest of us will wait here". Some of the women nodded at this, but Wanda spoke up.

"How are we supposed to decide who is most in need?" she pointed out. This had Pepper stumped for a few seconds, but she came back with the best idea she could think of.

"It's only fair that I stay here," she said, even though her stomach was telling her she couldn't afford to wait, "as the hostess. And I'm sure a few others can hold it for another fifteen minutes"."

"I'll wait too," said Natasha, "any spy worth their salt can hold it for at least a little while".

"Do we get to go sooner if we have to pee as well?" Shuri asked shyly.

"Yeah, actually, I'd like to get in on that," Maria said, squirming slightly in her seat, "I drank a lot of wine with lunch".

Pepper sighed. "Sure, okay, that sounds fair, although I have to pee too. Whatever, I'll stay here. Shuri, Maria, you go with Peggy and May to the bathroom".

"Actually, I'm gonna go too," Carol announced, pushing her chair away from the table, "I'm getting desperate and I really don't wanna shit in this dress". Valkyrie tugged her back, though, and was met with a shocked expression from Carol.

"If I'm staying here you have to as well," the Asgardian ordered, "it'll be fun, I promise". Carol didn't look happy about this at all, but sat back down. Jemma took that as her signal to rise from her seat as well.

"I'll go with them too, if that's alright," she said shyly. Her thighs were locked together- clearly she had to use the bathroom pretty badly, but she looked determined to appear composed. Pepper knew that the agent was more reserved than some of the others around the table, so she nodded her consent. Blushing, Jemma turned to Daisy, the only person still seated who she felt truly comfortable around. "Come with me, Daisy?"

"No, it's okay," Daisy said, "I don't have to go that bad, and I peed, like, an hour ago". But the look in Jemma's eyes made it clear that she was asking Daisy to come because she needed someone to talk to, so she got to her feet and joined the others. The last to speak up was Nebula.

"I would also like to go to the bathroom. I don't feel good. Mantis can come with me," she offered, standing with her legs firmly crossed. Nebula may not have had food poisoning before, but she knew how it felt to need to pee, and right now she needed to pee badly. The blue-skinned woman turned to Gamora. "I need to urinate and defecate very soon. You can come with us, sister," she seemed utterly unaware that her language was bewildering the others in the room.

Gamora, for her part, sorely wanted to take up Nebula's offer. The urge to poop had grown very powerful very quickly, as was always the way when she got food poisoning. Within minutes, she had gone from feeling great to being in dire need of a toilet- and she suspected that everyone else felt the same. But she was supposed to be the greatest warrior in the galaxy, one of the most skilled fighters and sharpest minds alive. She must not disappoint the others. If humans with no powers like Pepper Potts and Black Widow could hold it, so could she. She forced a fake smile for her sister and friend, hoping nobody heard a small, hot fart slip out between her green cheeks as she spoke.

"Don't worry about me, sister, I'll hold it in with the others".

From her seat, Okoye watched as Shuri, Nebula, Mantis and the five S.H.I.E.L.D. agents made a beeline for the bathroom. She knew that she should go too to keep an eye on the princess, but if she got up there would be a chance that her actions could be misinterpreted as a need to use the toilet. Well... Okoye did need to use the toilet- in fact, she was desperate- but there was no chance she would show it to anyone else. Displaying that kind of weakness was absolutely unacceptable. Throughout her hundreds of hours spent guarding the king, she had no room to appear weak. There had been plenty of times when she'd almost had an accident, and once she had been forced to urinate in her armour, but nobody had ever found out and she was hellbent on keeping it that way. So Okoye stayed, along with Potts, the Asgardian, the green lady and the four 'heroes'- the famous Captain Marvel, Black Widow, Wasp and Scarlet Witch.

Well, Okoye thought grimly as her stomach gurgled and a fart tried to force its way out of her tightly-clenched bottom, let's see how good our control really is.

###

There was only one women's bathroom in the restaurant, a small room with a single toilet that sat hidden in one corner. When Maria Hill reached for the door, one hand massaging her aching stomach, she already knew it was going to be locked. One small jerk of the handle, which barely moved, confirmed her suspicions and she turned to May, who was hot on her heels.

"Locked," she said exasperatedly. May swore out loud, then turned to pass the message on to the rest of the women. For her part, Agent Hill had never felt so out of control. In her time as one of Nick Fury's most trusted colleagues, Maria had grown accustomed to being in charge of people and knowing exactly what was going on. And yet here she was, with no idea whether she would get on that toilet before she lost her grip on her bladder, bowels or both. Behind May, who was barely maintaining the facade of composure, Shuri was squirming restlessly in some urgent potty-dance. The Wakandan looked even more un-princesslike than ever, with one palm jammed in her crotch- at least Maria wasn't the only one bursting to pee.

Next in line stood Peggy Carter, legs crossed, panic in her eyes. The agent had never failed to make it to the toilet- not in her old life in England, nor here in modern America. She had been a master of control. What on earth has happened to me? she thought dully as she gave in to the urge to grab her pale bum with one hand. Her iron grip helped a touch, but only because she was forcing her cheeks closed, and that wasn't going to last long. Part of her was dying to let out some gas, just to relieve the pressure, but she told herself firmly that farting was just not ladylike. Peggy had always felt a great shame about her bodily functions- even all those years ago, during the war, when she had been forced to excuse herself to use the bathroom in front of Steve. The memory still haunted her. She had to hang on.

Nebula wasn't faring any better- in fact, she was fairing worse. She'd never had to use the bathroom so badly in her life, and the potted plant a few metres away was looking more appealing by the second. This food poisoning thing Gamora had mentioned did not feel good at all- her faeces felt hot and wet inside her, unlike the firmer logs she was used to. She turned to Mantis, who was next in line, and told her this, hoping the alien woman would be able to shed some light. But Mantis looked far too distracted with her own bodily needs to offer much insight.

"I don't know, Nebula. Maybe it's just how the poisoning works. And Gamora said to stop calling it faeces," she added, "she says Earth people find it weird".

"So what should I call my faeces?"

"Poop," Mantis reiterated patiently.

"Or just poo," Peggy interrupted.

"Or shit," Daisy added. She was standing right at the back of the line, looking as though she was handling things slightly better than most. Poor Jemma was between Mantis and Daisy, and she didn't look good at all. The brunette was red in the face, bent over low, totally unable to stand still. Every second or so she would shift her weight to the opposite foot; her hand squeezed her pussy even harder than Shuri was doing up the line. Mantis knew she should let the biochemist go in front of her, but that could be the difference between Mantis making it to the bathroom and not, so she selfishly persuaded herself to stay quiet. Daisy really had to go herself, but even she was concerned by the noises coming from her friend's belly, and knew she needed to be comforting in this moment.

"It'll be ok, Jemma," she said soothingly, putting a hand on the other woman's back.

"No, Daisy, it won't," Jemma replied, almost sobbing, "I've never needed to poop this bad before and I've barely ever had to pee so much either. I feel like I'm going to explode".

"I know how you feel," Daisy told her, trying to make her feel better, "this is probably too much information but I think I'm almost touching cloth". This earned a small smile from Jemma despite her throbbing desperation. "I wish I didn't have so much farting anxiety, getting out some of this gas might make me feel a bit better".

"Yeah, me too. I'm scared if I try and fart it might be... more than a fart".

Mantis had overheard this little conversation, and it gave her an idea. Being in a team with three men, she had heard countless farts. When she'd asked Drax about it, he had simply told her it felt good to get them out. Mantis had discovered that she didn't usually need to fart like humans did, but when she had to poop they could help relieve the pressure. She decided that risking it was necessary. She was incredibly shy about farting in front of people, but her plan was to let out just a small one that nobody could hear.

As soon as it happened, Mantis knew she'd made a big mistake. The fart wasn't quiet at all- in her eagerness to get some of the hot gas out of her, she'd let it go too fast, and the familiar sound crackled loudly as it escaped her tight butt. Once it had started, it wouldn't stop. Despite her furious attempts to shut off the fart before it turned into something more, her muscles were too weak and the gas only stopped coming when a heavy log shifted closer to her hole, blocking the path.

The sound of Mantis' fart was too much for Shuri. She'd been desperate to let out another of her own ever since standing up. Until that point, the only thing stopping her had been fear of humiliation. After all, it had been she who had let the first lapse of control beat her, a noise that had slipped out as they all slipped around the table. Shuri knew that another fart would be more embarrassment than she could bear, but hearing Mantis's ass rumble triggered something in Shuri's bowels that wouldn't be suppressed. Before she could do anything about it, something slipped out of the Wakandan's butt- something more than gas.

It was wet.

Cheeks burning, Shuri looked around her frantically. Blissfully, nobody had noticed- nobody except May, who was looking right at her.

"Don't worry, kid, happens all the time," May reassured her. Shuri slipped a hand down the back of her jeans, terrified of what she might find. But just a brief touch confirmed her suspicions- the first of her poop had breached her defences. It may not be much, but there was surely enough to weigh down her panties and stain them badly. Oh, fuck, she thought bitterly. She looked up at May. Suddenly, Shuri felt ten years younger. Here she was, a genius princess, and she'd just done a poo in her underwear. Something forced her to blurt out the truth.

"I just sharted," she confessed to the agent, a woman she barely knew. May looked taken aback, but she had training in calming people down and it kicked in fast.

"You'll make it, Shuri. Don't worry". But as another wave of cramps swept through her body, threatening once again to force out the contents of her bowels, Melinda May doubted very much whether any of them would make it at all.

###

Back at the table, the seriousness of the situation was beginning to become painfully clear. Pepper Potts was perched on the edge of her seat, trying fruitlessly to keep the conversation going and distract the other women from their own growing urges to shit. For some it was working better than others; Natasha and Wanda were doing their best to engage and think about anything other than their bowels, but Hope couldn't help glancing nervously towards the bathroom every few seconds. From the table, the bathroom was well out of sight, but the fact that nobody had returned in several minutes could only mean one thing: there was a line. Hope hated lines with a passion, particularly when she needed to poop. Something about watching all the women in front go inside, relieve themselves and leave only made it harder for her to control her own need.

Okoye sat stoically, silent as ever, patiently awaiting the princess' return. At least, that was how she looked to the others. In the harsh light of reality, she was something like a duck gliding across a calm lake: to a casual observer, she was elegant and effortless, but beneath the surface that duck was paddling vigorously, legs moving at lightning speed, flailing to keep itself moving. Only now the water was a table in a fancy New York restaurant, and instead of swimming she was trying to keep a mountain of shit contained. There was Gamora, too, legs crossed beneath the tablecloth. She'd tried a couple of times to start a conversation with Okoye, but it was like talking to a brick wall. Soon, she gave up and decided to focus on holding.

The only people left around the table still talking were Valkyrie and Carol Danvers. They were animated, a spark of the flirtatious cheek from earlier in the day still there, losing themselves in the conversation. It was clear to anyone who shot them more than a passing glance that they were both in serious trouble- Valkyrie couldn't stop farting, leaving a foul smell, and Carol was constantly squirming in her chair. Sitting next to them, Pepper didn't need to strain to hear what they were saying.

"I don't think I've ever had to go this bad, it's crazy," Carol said- not that it needed saying. The woman was writing in desperation where she sat.

"I have," Valkyrie shot back, "when you drink as much as I used to you get desperate a fair bit. Especially when you're fighting for half of it".

"So what did you do?"

"I used to just pee while I fought," the Asgardian shrugged, "one time Banner caught me, I just told him it was something I spilt".

"Did he believe you?" Carol asked, wide-eyed. It took a lot to shock Carol Danvers, but Valkyrie's revelation seemed to have taken her completely by surprise.

"Bruce Banner? The world-class genius who blacks out and switches back and forth between human and monster?" she snorted in derision, "no, I'm pretty sure he knows what a piss stain looks like. What about you?"

"What about me?"

"You had any of those accident thingies lately?"

"I'm about to have one right now if those girls aren't back from the bathroom soon," Carol said under her breath. Pepper was pretending not to listen, but she could relate to Danvers' words- she also felt fit to burst. She hadn't had to poop this bad since she and Tony- well, that was a story for another day.

"I can't wait any more, guys, I'm going to go join the line," Hope said, slowly getting to her feet.

"You're still going to have to wait just as long," Gamora pointed out.

"Maybe, but at least I'll know how much longer I have to hold it," the Wasp argued. Pepper opened her mouth to say that sitting might be easier, but the other woman was already gone. Instead, Miss Potts was left to look around at who was left- stony-faced Okoye, red-faced Nat, green-faced Gamora. Wanda, trying her best to look on top of things and decidedly failing. The poor girl looked close to tears in her tight red hoodie and tighter denim pants. Valkyrie and Carol, both impossibly looking even more desperate than each other, but sitting closer than ever.

"And then there were seven," Pepper said dryly.

###

The line hadn't moved in five minutes.

Jemma's black jeans felt tighter than ever around her waist, digging into her lower stomach where a heavy load was sitting. A long-sleeved button-up white blouse couldn't cover up the bulge in her abdomen, created by the poop that threatened to push itself out at any second- and by a bursting bladder. Beside her, poor Daisy was starting to seriously struggle too; the usually strong woman couldn't resist the urge to squirm and struggle. She took one look down the line and assessed that nobody would be willing to let herself or Jemma cut in front. All eight women looked just as desperate as her- if not more so.

Mantis looked mortified, apologising over and over again for the smells that were being produced by her uncontrollable farting. Nobody was in any condition to pay much attention to her red-faced, stammered apologies- she wasn't the only one raising a stench. In fact, Daisy was pretty sure that Jemma and herself were among the only two women still holding the gas inside of themselves. May was a proud woman, but even she had let one or two slip out, unable to hold it back. Soon there would be a lot more than gas making an escape.

Beside Mantis stood- barely- Nebula, who looked utterly unable to deal with what she was experiencing. Food poisoning was clearly an alien concept to this alien woman, who was bent over, shaking and shuddering, looking very much like someone who had no idea how to deal with what was happening inside of her body. Mantis had tried to show her that using her hands to squeeze her butt may help her hold, but such things didn't come naturally to the the blue-skinned lady.

At least she didn't look as much of a state as Peggy Carter, who didn't seem to know what to do with herself. Daisy was well aware of the famous Agent Carter's story- she'd been an agent in the first half of the twentieth century, a long time before the age of toilets being shown on televisions. It had always been hard for Daisy (and she knew that May and Jemma felt the same) to admit when she needed to go to the bathroom. She could only imagine how much stronger the stigma must be in the mind of Peggy, and that would go a long way to explaining why the English woman seemed even more embarrassed than any of the other women. The Brunette was staring straight ahead, squeezing her cheeks closed determinedly and muttering to herself in her distinctive accent. Daisy couldn't make out much of what Agent Carter was saying, but she heard the words "please... not yet," and simply "I need a poo" as Peggy talked to herself.

One place closer to the bathroom, but looking like she needed it even more, stood Shuri. The Wakandan had totally given up trying to hide her mini-accident on account of the smell, which everyone knew couldn't possibly have come from anything other than a shart. Instead she stood silent, eyes closed in some kind of prayer, leaning against the wall. Daisy wondered if perhaps the princess thought the wooden panels might keep her butt closed- she doubted that would work. Then there was her colleague, Melinda May, who had never looked so un-agently. In fact, in this moment Daisy thought that May looked more like a small child who was scared that her mother would tell her off if she had an accident. Maria Hill completed the lineup, bouncing restlessly with a hand grabbing her pussy and complaining under her breath that she was "gonna piss a waterfall".

So desperate was Jemma that she completely failed to notice Hope Van Dyne zip to the back of the queue.

"Holy shit, has nobody gone in yet?" she asked, fear etched on her face.

"Nobody," Daisy said in a strained voice, "we think whoever's in there has the shits too, she's taking forever".

"Well," Hope moaned, "if she's not out soon I'm definitely not gonna make it. Would it be quicker to go somewhere else?"

"Can you walk and hold?" Jemma shot back. Hope thought about this for a few seconds, then hung her head.

"No," she admitted, "I'd fill my pants long before I reached the bathroom".

"I think I would too," said Daisy, "I feel it trying to come out, I don't know how much longer I can keep it back". Just then, another fart rang out around the room, one much louder and lower in pitch than any they'd heard yet. Every head in the room turned and was shocked to see Peggy Carter, bent at the knees, cheeks burning. Daisy found it impossible to believe that such a gross noise could come from such a prim, proper and petite lady, but there was no denying that she had broken wind.

"Oh my, I'm sorry," she spluttered, as though she wished the ground would swallow her up, "I didn't mean to- simply couldn't hold it-". With wide, horrified eyes, she reached slowly behind herself and felt her backside. "Oh, no, please no," she whispered, but it was clear to see that she had fallen to the same fate as Shuri. Peggy Carter had sharted.

"What's up, Peggy?" Daisy asked, looking concerned.

"It wasn't just a... just a fart," Peggy confessed. The stunned silence was interrupted by the glorious sound of a latch unlocking. Sixteen nervous eyes turned towards the bathroom door, which crept open painfully slowly. A middle-aged lady with a pale face walked out, accompanied by a foul odour that could only be caused by diarrhoea- and lots of it. Maria rushed in behind her, wafting in front of her nose and muttering "oh, thank you God". Just before she shut the door, May got a foot in the way.

"Maria," she begged, "please hurry. I don't have long". Agent Hill nodded, already unbuttoning her jeans, and locked the door behind her to finally get some relief.

###

"Fuck!" cried Carol out of nowhere. The entire table looked over at the universally-feared Captain Marvel, who had been reduced to little more than a sweaty wreck by desperation. "I just pissed a little," she said.

"Usually I'd say that was gross but I'm, like, this close to doing the same," Natasha groaned. It was true; news of Carol's leak had only made her even more desperate to go, "you know when you can feel the pee right there on the edge? That's me right now".

"Charming," Gamora said, forcing a laugh. Over the other side of the table, Pepper pulled a guilty face.

"I leaked a while ago," she admitted, "I thought it might ease the pressure... but no. I still feel like a goddamn dam waiting to burst". As if to emphasise her point, a fart slipped out. Almost everyone was gradually losing control over their gaseous exchanges, and the smell of each fart was growing more and more like the scent of poop. The only person who still showed no open signs of desperation was Okoye, who sat thin-lipped and unmoving, staring into space.

"I have to be honest," Wanda said, "I need to shit like there's no tomorrow, but I'm glad I don't have to piss as well. You ladies have it even worse than me". Valkyrie nodded in agreement, but just as she opened her mouth to speak Shuri burst round the corner, clearly out of breath.

"Did you go? Pepper asked hopefully, but even before the teenager answered, it was obvious that she hadn't been able to find relief. With a shake of her head, the girl squeezed out what little words she could manage.

"No, the line was so slow and I was behind May and Maria, I couldn't wait- I have to poop so bad, and pee too- Okoye, please, you have to help me".

Okoye was there as her own woman, on Pepper's invite, not as Shuri's babysitter. But she was nothing if not loyal, so she got to her feet, ready to do whatever it took to help. It took her just two seconds looking at the state Shuri was in to know that the princess was beyond help. Pee was already trickling down her legs, showing on her white jeans, and from the right angle a tell-tale brown stain could be seen on the seat. Okoye shook her head sadly.

"I'm sorry, but there's nothing I can do," she told her gravely.

Poor Shuri couldn't move. She couldn't speak. She couldn't do much more than look at the seven women with wide, scared eyes as a single tear formed and she began to truly lose control. The first sign was a barely audible squeak from her tight butt, which quickly evolved into a wet, squelching fart that signalled the princess finally messing herself. Hot, almost liquid shit practically poured out of her, filling her panties mercilessly, spreading thanks to the tightness of her jeans all the way up to her waist and down to the crack between her thighs. At the same time, involuntarily, her bladder gave out and a growing wet spot rapidly soaked the front of her clothes.

It was too much pee to be simply contained by the fabric, and everyone in the room could watch as it poured out of the front of her jeans and down to the yellow puddle at her feet. And even as Okoye watched on sympathetically, that yellow puddle was already being tinged with brown- unable to hold in all of Shuri's explosive shit, it seemed that her panties had given way and allowed some of the mess to run down her legs and out the bottom of her jeans onto the carpet. Immobilised, Shuri simply stood there and let the mixture of shame, pain and blessed relief wash over her. Anyone in the restaurant who couldn't see her accident could surely hear it, for she'd never been able to keep her poops quiet, especially when she was ill.

Pepper's maternal instinct kicked in- she couldn't bear to watch the young woman in such a humiliating moment. Standing, she moved over to comfort Shuri, but even the act of getting to her feet caused a squirt of hot pee to stain her thong. She felt so pleased to be wearing a dress, but was acutely aware of a trickle of urine flowing down her leg while she wrapped an arm around the crying, soiled girl. The first of them had had an accident, but Pepper was sure that she wouldn't be the only one.

"Don't worry, Shuri, it's not your fault," she said in hushed tones, "other people are probably going to have an accident too".

As her stomach grumbled ominously, Pepper could only hope she wouldn't be among them.

###

By the time Shuri was finally close to empty, her once-pristine jeans were simply beyond saving. The white was now a murky brown all the way down the back, the front soaked in darkness. Watching on, Natasha had to admire the way the young lady had mostly managed to keep it together- a weaker mind would surely have been broken by such a public loss of control. Okoye was with the princess now- but even Okoye, perhaps the most disciplined and controlled person Natasha had ever met, was failing to keep her cool. Her slender legs were crossed, and she was showing signs of definite squirming beneath her clothes to keep the weight of her bowels in check. A small voice in the back of Natasha's head wondered if Okoye took big dumps, but she forced that thought away and focused on her own desperation.

While the sight of the young princess completely forgetting her potty training had taken Widow's mind completely off her needs, the sharp pangs in her bowels and bladder was back with a vengeance. Nat knew that she was quickly running out of time before the inevitable happened, and reached the only logical conclusion: she needed to get in that bathroom line, now. Giving her pussy a quick squeeze, she turned towards the area where the other women were still waiting.

"Gonna go join that line," she announced, trying and failing to keep the panic out of her voice, "Jeez, I haven't had to piss this bad since Budapest". She paused, then added to nobody in particular, "Haven't had to shit this bad since ever".

"Me neither, but are you sure you want to get in that line?" Valkyrie asked pointedly, "sounds like it might be too long to wait". Natasha shrugged, exasperated.

"I have to try, Valk, or I'll wet my favourite jeans... again". She shuddered at the thought and waddled around the corner towards the bathroom. Nat was more than aware of the stares she was being given by other diners- plenty of whom were sure to recognise her from the news. The famous Black Widow, one of the Avengers, walking through a busy restaurant and clearly desperate to take a leak. At first, Natasha tried to tell herself that it wasn't noticeable, but she quickly stopped kidding herself- she was literally squirming as she walked, hands trying and failing not to fiddle with the front of her jeans, legs crossing over unnaturally, butt sticking out somewhat because of how she was hunched over.

Even more embarrassingly, she suspected that some of the diners might smell her strong farts and deduce that she also needed to evacuate at the other end. She could almost handle the public seeing her desperate to pee- celebrities were caught needing a number one all the time and it was rarely remembered- but a superhero on the verge of messing herself? That would make her a laughing stock.

Once she took one look at the line outside the restroom, she knew that it wasn't going to be an option. Seven clearly bursting girls were queued up by the single door, each appearing more desperate than the last. It was Hope who first noticed Natasha's arrival, and beckoned her over with the other hand clutching her ass.

"Nat," she said, "come to join the line?"

"I was," Natasha replied, "but honestly? I'm not gonna make it if I stay here. I have to pee so fucking bad- in fact, I don't know what I need worse, a shit or a pee".

"I know which one I need worse," Hope said dryly, "If there isn't a log in my panties in five minutes it'll be a miracle".

"Tell me about it- actually, no, I'll be lucky if it's a log. Feels like I'm gonna just explode everywhere".

"Ah, that can't be good. I can't- stop- farting," Hope admitted, even letting a toot out for emphasis, "it's crazy, I'm not usually gassy".

"Nor me, but we ate something bad. To be honest, I'm just glad to have someone to talk to about it," Nat said.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, Gamora, Pepper and Okoye are far too proud to admit how bad they have to go, even though it's obvious. Wanda is so shy about this stuff and Carol and Valkyrie are more interested in each other's rack than anything else," she said bitterly, "at least with you I can just say it out loud: I'm gonna shit myself soon and there's nothing I can do".

"You and me both, sister," Hope told her, "you and me both. Everyone here is too prude or too shy to speak to me too, but I don't think many of them can hold it much longer".

"No, well, nor can I. I feel like my ass is leaking. I'm going back to the table- this line is a recipe for an accident. Wanna come?"

"I would, Nat, but fuck, I think more than a few steps will be too much for me to handle," Hope said, sounding pained, "but good luck, Widow".

"You too, Wasp," Natasha replied, offering a mock salute and heading back around the corner and out of sight. In an effort to keep herself distracted- talking to Nat had helped somewhat, and she wanted to keep that going- Hope turned to her left, where poor Jemma Simmons was doubled over with both hands buried in her crotch, being comforted half-heartedly by a near-equally bursting Daisy. Hope got the sense that she shouldn't interrupt, so listened subtly into their dialogue instead.

"Oh, my God, Daisy," Jemma was moaning, "if I move my hands I'm going to wee myself".

"It's okay, Jemma. If you don't make it, that's okay," the other woman replied soothingly.

"No, it's not okay! I can't wee myself. I haven't weed myself since I was a little girl!"

"I feel you, Jemma, I do. I'm gonna crap my pants if Hill doesn't hurry up. But we have to keep trying," she insisted, unable to hold back the loudest fart yet, "we have to".

###

May, Peggy, Nebula, Mantis, Jemma, Daisy, Hope. Maria locked in the only bathroom having explosive diarrhoea that didn't sound close to ending. Shuri gone, off to try and find somewhere to relieve herself, almost certainly doomed to ruin her jeans. Ironically, Mantis thought, they were a long way from assembled right now.

Not that she was in any position to judge. She had never suffered gas like this, her ass letting rip every few seconds, totally powerless to stop it. Although she'd never been a big pooper- small amounts were her norm- Mantis could tell that was about to change just from the rock-weight in her belly. Her butthole was literally quivering from the effort of holding it back, and deep down she knew that she couldn't keep the turd at bay until it was her go. Being shy, as she was, about her bodily functions, she simply didn't know what else to do.In a vain effort to distract herself from the poop that was about to ruin her favourite underwear.

At the front, Melinda May had lost all sense of power and composure. The highly-professional woman was quite the sight, with her hand reaching down the back of her panties, squeezing her asscheeks together desperately. She was moaning in what she must've thought was a quiet timbre, giving every fibre of her being to the efforts to keep her dignity.

Meanwhile, the desperation- and perhaps the wine- was having a curious effect on Peggy Carter. Her inhibitions seemed to be lowering, and she was talking more than ever to the other women. Nebula was staring straight ahead as if she was admiring the potted plant in the corner. On the other side, Jemma looked as white as a ghost. She was struggling harder than anyone.

"Oh God, Daisy," she groaned, "it's already started coming out... I can't hold it much longer".

"Jemma, it's OK- turn around". Obediently, the young chemist spun on the spot, and Daisy had to bite her tongue to stay quiet. Jemma's trousers were stained a deep, dark brown, evidently taking the brunt of some major anal leakage.

"It just slipped out. Oh shit, is it obvious?"

"No, no- I can barely tell," Daisy lied. It was incredibly obvious even to a casual passer-by that the brunette was in the middle of a serious accident. The shitstain had started to bulge, sag even, and spread across her ass.

At the other end of the line, Peggy was pestering May for conversation. Melinda looked in no mood to talk, instead focusing all her efforts on keeping her cramping stomach from erupting, but it didn't seem like Agent Carter had got the message.

"Gosh, I haven't needed a poo this much since the war," she was saying, "what about you?"

"I don't know," May said irritably, "A few years ago I almost crapped myself on a S.H.I.E.L.D. mission. I think this is worse, though". May was locked in a frantic dance, refusing to move either hand away from her ass, which was clenched shut tight. She was doing a slightly better job than Jemma of staying dignified, but not by a long way- and the smell from her bottom proved that she was close to losing it. "What do you think happened to Shuri?" May added, genuinely interested despite herself. She hadn't been concentrating at all when the Wakandan had abandoned the bathroom line and rushed off, and wanted to know what had happened.

"The poor girl ran off, saying she simply couldn't hold it any longer. I do hope she makes it," Peggy said sadly.

"I doubt it," May grunted, "I can barely hang on and I'm standing still. She's probably shit herself already".

Mantis was pulled away from listening to the agents talk by the sound of Nebula's voice. It was the first thing her blue friend had said in quite some time, so it took her by surprise. At first, the words didn't make much sense.

"The plant," Nebula said grimly.

"What?"

"The potted plant over there. I must use it," she declared.

"Nebula, no," pleaded Mantis, "you can't poop in the plant". But she could see that the other woman had already made up her mind, driven by desperation to an insane decision.

"I must, Mantis. The faeces is almost escaping me". She looked anxiously at the opening from which they could be seen, waddling towards the huge plant. She had dressed in human clothes for the occasion- denim jeans picked out by Gamora, so as to cover as much of her blue skin as possible. Before Mantis could do anything about it, those denim jeans were being unbuttoned, her thighs starting to grow exposed as the waistband was shuffled down. Jemma was the first to notice what was happening, and tried her best to talk Nebula out of it.

"No, Nebula, please- don't poop in there. You could get arrested," she begged.

"Nebula," May warned, "do not do what I think you're about to do. You can go in front of me in the line, just don't use the plant". But it was far too late. Nebula had no other option if she wanted to keep her jeans dry. She looked guiltily at the other women in the line, lined up her blue butt with the plant pot and sat.

"I'm sorry," she said, meaning it.

Nebula felt her control evaporate.

###

The sight of Nebula losing it into an ornate potted plant, combined with the squelching, splattering sound of her explosive relief, was too much for Jemma Simmons to handle. Unable to stand and watch for a second longer, she backed away, out of the alcove where the bathroom stood and into the main restaurant. She was vaguely aware of three things: pee dribbling down her left leg, Daisy following behind her and the eyes of almost everyone in the room following her every move. Jemma knew she was losing the battle. She felt a tug on her arm. It was Daisy's voice.

"Jemma," it said, "where are you going?". But try as she might, the biochemist could barely manage just two words.

"I- can't-" she choked. The stream of piss was gathering pace, growing faster and heavier, turning from a trickle into a flow. She tried to shut it off and found that she couldn't. Tried to move her legs- no luck. All she could do was accept it. "Daisy," Jemma whined, hoping beyond hope that not everyone in the room could hear, "I'm weeing myself".

And she was. It cascaded down her legs, dampening her trousers and drenching her bare thighs, pooling around her feet and in her shoes. The sensation of her bladder emptying rapidly made keeping that iron grip on her bum impossible, and Jemma felt the almost welcome sensation of her hole opening, stretching to let the huge log out into her pants. Buried deep beneath the shame, the burning humiliation, it almost felt good to finally let it out. But that feeling of relief was short-lived, because once enough of the pee was out for Jemma to come to her senses, she looked around the room and saw her worst nightmare: people staring, laughing, people with their phones out. Still feeling the second turd falling from her bum into her underwear, Jemma Simmons turned and fled.

###

Maria Hill finally emerged from the bathroom, face flushed and ass feeling more than unclean, to the sight of Nebula relieving herself in a Calathea plant. While she tried to absorb the shock of such a view, she felt someone push past her. It was Melinda May, rushing into the bathroom like she hadn't a second to waste and already stripping off her bottom half. Unintentionally, Maria got a glimpse of May's shaved pussy before the other woman slammed and locked the door. The loud moan and splattering noises being emitted from the room suggested that May had made it just in time.

"What's going on out here?" she asked, mouth open.

"Nebula is pooping in that plant," Mantis explained, bouncing up and down on the spot, "I told her not to. And Shuri left. And Jemma peed on the floor a little- look!" she pointed unhelpfully to an obvious dark stain on the carpet where Jemma cleary hadn't made it.

"Oh, shit," Maria said. She knew that she should feel concerned for the wellbeing of her fellow S.H.I.E.L.D. agents, but the sheer relief of having reached the bathroom in time was all she could think about right now. Or, at least, almost reached it in time. There had been something of a spillage on the floor just before she'd managed to get her butt in line with the toilet bowl, true, but nobody ever had to know. She certainly didn't intend on telling anyone.

For whatever reason, she couldn't take her eyes off of Nebula, who looked in sheer ecstasy. Her eyes were rolled back in her smooth head, mouth open, liquid shit still pouring out of her like lava. The stench was almost unbearable. Maria turned to Mantis, feeling bad for the poor girl, who she knew was far too shy to use a plant like her friend.

"Seeing her just makes me need to poop even worse," Mantis groaned, grabbing her ass like she had been shown to try and hold it in. Before Maria could reply, Peggy Carter made some kind of choking noise that sounded as though she had been punched in the stomach. All heads turned to Peggy, who they'd forgotten was even there. The English woman had found herself at the front of the line, but from the sight of her bent at the knees, clutching her stomach, it looked like she might not be able to wait much longer. Peggy rapped at the bathroom door with her knuckles, although her polite facade was barely even visible anymore.

"May, hurry, please. I'm begging you," she cried through the thick wood. She was squirming like Maria had never seen before. "If I'm not on that loo in thirty seconds I won't make it".

All she got in return was May's voice, moaning even louder in relief, and another colossal fart.

###

When Natasha got back to the table, she was pulled aside before she could say a word by Wanda. Scarlet Witch, as the world knew her, had built her image- no, her personality- on being calm, cold, calculating. But here she was, with a hand down the back of her knickers... crying.

"Nat, it's coming," she whispered, "help me".

"Help you?"

"Please, Natasha, you're the only one I can talk to about this. You're the only one I trust. It's coming out, and I can't stop it".

"Fuck, okay," Nat said, thinking quickly as she could, "kind of on the verge of losing it myself here, from both ends, but I'll do what I can. Try cross your legs, see if-"

"No, you're not getting it," Wanda cut her off, "it's too late. I'm already messing myself. I need you to get me out of here before people see," she begged. Pain was writhing through every part of Natasha's belly, bladder and ass, but she knew she couldn't abandon a friend at a time like this. The look of pure fear on Wanda's face shocked Widow into action.

"Right, follow me- I can get you somewhere private," she grabbed Wanda by the arm, ignoring the stares of Okoye and Gamora, and dragged her away from the table, into the packed restaurant. But instead of heading to the entrance, she took a left, towards a fire exit at the back of the room. Rule number one of being a spy, Nat thought to herself, always know where the exits are. She'd assessed the fire escape when they arrived- it was something she couldn't help doing- but never expected to actually need to use it. As she yanked the tearful Wanda through the door, though, she felt incredibly grateful that she'd taken the time to know where it was.

As soon as the pair of them spilled out into the sunlight, Wanda turned and leant against the wall, both palms flat against the bricks, and allowed the inevitable to happen. Her pants were tighter than usual, and Natasha couldn't look away while the bulge in the back of her friend's jeans grew ever bigger. Wanda grunted, a low, decidedly un-Wanda-like sound, and Nat got the sense that the other woman was unwillingly pushing to get the rest of the shit out of her.

"Fuck, Nat, I can't stop- get these jeans off me," Wanda whined.

"What?"

"Get them off me, please, I can't ruin them". Not wanting to upset Wanda any more than she was already upset, Nat reached in from behind her friend and unbuttoned her tight jeans. She slid them down, around Wanda's pale ankles. Again, Natasha couldn't seem to stop staring at the rapidly-expanding bulge in Wanda's knickers. Bad day to wear white panties, she thought to herself. There was too much shit for the panties to contain- as they stretched and pushed at the fabric, Nat could see every lump, every colour, every drip of liquid that seeped through the white and turned it brown. "I have to push," Wanda's voice was pained, "it hurts too much". Grunting even louder, she bore down and the mess in her underwear doubled in size.

"Good thing you're not me," Natasha told her wryly.

"Why?"

"Because in a few seconds I'm about to do the same, and piss myself too".

###

"May! Open the fucking door!"

Mantis was shocked at Peggy's language, which was growing increasingly vulgar as time passed. It had been several minutes now since May had locked herself in the bathroom, and she was beyond the point of desperate to shit, but it seemed that Peggy was even closer to breaking point.

"May, I'm begging you, open the door or I'll poo myself right here. You've taken bloody ages!" she hammered on the door again with her fist, knowing that it was no good. From the other side, May was apologising profusely, telling them that it wouldn't stop coming out. "It's coming out of me too, arsehole!" Peggy shouted. She turned to the other women, face still crinkled in pain. Nebula was wiping her bottom with a leaf she'd remorselessly plucked from the ruined plant, Mantis was farting like a sailor and Hope had taken to squatting down, bouncing on the balls of her feet in hope of keeping her shit inside.

The final wave of cramps hit Peggy, and she knew in that moment that it was one minute too long to wait. She stepped back from the door and her knees went weak. There was Mantis, trying her best to catch her, but the alien woman wasn't strong and although Peggy wasn't heavy the best she could do was lower Agent Carter gradually to the ground. First her knees hit the carpet, then she bent over, on all fours as if she was expecting sex doggy style. On her hands and knees, Peggy Carter swore under her breath and began to shit her pants.

There was no way for the other women in the room to pretend not to notice as the familiar crackling sound filled the air, accompanied by the most pungent smell yet- the smell of solid shit. The first log alone was enormous, tenting out like an erection, so hard that it refused to be squished into her panties. "Oh, gosh, I need a poo so badly," Peggy whispered, almost unaware that she was already doing one.

"Fuck, what's happening to you guys?" came a voice from behind Peggy. A familiar voice.

"Ah, the old shit-in-a-plant trick... I've been there," came a second. Overwhelmed by the power of her heavy accident, it took Peggy everything she had to look around the corner, fearing the worst- reporters, maybe, or someone with a camera. What she saw filled her with a different kind of relief.

Carol and Valkyrie had arrived in the line.

###

At the table, the final few women still standing were almost out of time. Pepper Potts, one of the oldest in the group and one of the few who almost never found herself having to hold it, was struggling worse than anyone. Daisy arrived, jiggling up and down, her breast bouncing as she did so.

"Jemma's run off," she said sadly, "she- she had this massive accident and just left".

"Oh God, poor thing," Pepper said, still feeling empathetic for the younger woman despite being in such a dire need herself, "how's the line looking?"

"Not good. Last I saw Nebula gave up and pooped in a plant. Peggy didn't look like she was gonna last much longer, nor did Hope".

"What about you?"

"Me? I'm fine," Daisy lied, "I can hold it". The truth felt like very much the opposite- she was sure that she was touching cloth down there, or turtleheading as her peers in her youth had called it. "I'd better get back in that line, though," she said, feigning calm, and rushed off to rejoin the queue.

"Well, if the line's not moving, I'm screwed," Pepper sighed, "I haven't had to go this bad in my life". In a vague effort to distract herself, she reached into the pocket of her dress and fished out her phone. Nothing- no texts. Tony was away, but he must not have had time to message her yet. Disappointed, she placed her phone back in the pocket, which was so deep that anything she kept in it was almost touching her crotch. Now all she was left with was sheer desperation. It felt as though any movement, any tiny surprise could cause her to lose control. Her attention was grabbed by a loud noise from across the table- Gamora. The ivy-skinned woman was bent over the table, arms flat on the cloth, butt sticking out.

She released a loud fart, looked at Okoye and said "how the hell aren't you showing this? We all know you have to go just as bad as we do".

"I have honour," spat the Wakandan, "I may soil my clothes, but I will not humiliate myself like a child".

Pepper switched her attention away from them, not in the mood to listen to bickering. She thought it was a miracle that Gamora's moan hadn't startled her into losing control- surprises usually broke her when she was bursting, even on a date with Tony one time, but she'd managed to hold it throughout the outburst. Maybe she could be okay- if she stayed still, she might be able to-

Vrmmm.

At that instant, her phone vibrated in her pocket, sending tingles right through her body. The shaking feeling struck her directly above the clitoris, a sensation that expanded all the way across her crotch, her lower legs, her butt, and in that moment Pepper knew she was done. Her tortured muscles relaxed completely, and once the gates were open they would not be shut. Scorching, mushy poop almost spewed from her hole, pushing free in wave after relentless wave. Pepper had to grab the back of the nearest chair to stay standing as her knees went weak. What was happening must have been painfully clear on her face, because Gamora stood, looking worried.

"Pepper? Is it coming out?"

Not seeing the point in lying, Pepper nodded quickly, lips shut tight. She had hoped for twenty long minutes that being in a dress might save her from embarrassment if she couldn't hold it, but now she was messing herself and she had no doubt that it was obvious for anyone in the restaurant to see. The food poisoning had finally won, and a problem she hadn't foreseen was emerging- she'd come to the restaurant wearing a thong, which was probably the worst kind of underwear to crap your pants in. There was almost no scope for it to contain any of her accident, and the wet poop was running down her legs and onto the floor.

Resigned to empty her bowels where she stood, Pepper bowed her head and let it happen.

###

Daisy arrived once again to join the back of the line just as May was finally coming out of the bathroom. She looked absolutely mortified as Mantis rushed in past her and locked the door, kneeling down next to the humiliated and dehumanised Peggy to apologise over and over. Daisy, for her part, couldn't afford to pay them much attention. She was nearing her own messy accident, as much as she hated to admit it.

But it gave her some comfort that Hope Van Dyne was fairing much worse. The Wasp looked as though she could do with her suit to just shrink down and fly to the nearest bathroom, but instead she was powerless and on the verge of shitting herself. Unsurprisingly, Daisy was only watching on for a few seconds before the now-familiar noises of bowels starting to evacuate made themselves heard. Hope put one hand flat on the wall and leaned in. Everyone stopped what they were doing, drawn by the sounds of Hope losing the battle with her body.

"Guys, I'm sorry, but it hurts too much. I can't-" she grunted, convulsed and started to let go, "- hold it in any longer". Daisy was mesmerised by the image of Hope's nice clothes turning brown, and she wasn't the only one- Carol and Valkyrie couldn't take their eyes off of it.

"Oh shit, Wasp?" Natasha had reached the scene, joining the back of the line, clearly on her last legs. She was followed by Gamora and Okoye, the first farting as she walked, the second still managing to keep her composure with some effort. Still emptying herself, Hope stepped out of line and stumbled to the other side of the hall, content to finish her accident in peace.

The line was now almost as long as it had been originally. Hope had been so close to making it to the bathroom, but with Mantis sounding like she was shitting her brains out inside, the Wasp just hadn't been able to hold out. Now it was Carol Danvers who was next in line, holding her pussy as tight as she could and keeping those legs locked together. Valkyrie stood behind her, twisting and squirming frantically but seeming unable to keep her eyes away from Carol's bursting body.

Next stood Daisy, who was sure that she would have to throw away her panties no matter what happened next. Natasha Romanoff danced like a child behind her, doing everything it took to keep her control. Then came Gamora, who had unbuttoned her jeans to try and relieve the pressure, which meant her black underwear was clearly visible- not that she seemed to care. Finally, Okoye stood stoically, only just allowing herself a quick squeeze of her toned buttcheeks every now and then when she thought nobody was looking.

After a few seconds, it was Daisy who lost the fight next. She turned to the others, eyes weary.

"It's happening. Just- nobody ever talk to me about this ever again?" she asked, and squatted down. As she lost control of her muscles, all that was audible sounded like a long, hard fart. Her tight pants forced the loose mess to squish out, spreading across her buttcheeks and up to her back and pussy. She moaned loudly as the pain in her stomach started to fade at long last, but at the cost of a humiliation she would never forget.

###

"Oh, that feels so much better!"

It was Mantis, who had finally stopped pooping for long enough to pull up her jeans and leave the bathroom free. Nobody was in a state to listen to her as Carol started heading for the door, but Valkyrie stopped her with a tug on the sleeve.

"If you go in without me I'll shit myself, Carol," the Asgardian explained, "I have an idea".

"Fine, come in, quick!" Carol said in a panic. She grabbed Valkyrie's wrist and yanked her into the room with her. "What's your big idea?" she started to say as she locked the door, but the other woman was already executing it- she lifted her dress and hopped up onto the impeccable porcelain sink. "Valk- no!"

There was no stopping Valkyrie, though. The sound of her forceful eruption of wet poop splattering against the sink and plughole was too much- it set Carol into action. She leapt across the room to the toilet, went to unbutton her jeans- and fumbled.

"Fuck, I can't get these jeans off!" Carol cried, barely audible over Valkyrie's moans of relief and loud bowel movements.

"Come here!" the Asgardian said, waving Carol over. She grabbed the front of the other girl's jeans and, still shitting, struggled with the button until it finally came loose. "Go, go!" she yelled, but Carol wasn't moving. The blonde woman looked up at her, eyes wide, and Valkyrie understood.

"Too late," she said softly. Both women could hear Carol filling her pants, totally uncontrollably. It was a violent, unstoppable evacuation, weighing heavily down in her underwear and coating her thighs. She looked down and saw Valkyrie's bare pussy gushing with piss into the sink, joining the still-growing pile of mushy poop that she'd deposited there. This gave Carol an idea- her bowels were emptying but her bladder still ached. She shoved down her jeans and full-up knickers, stood on the edge of the sink and lined herself up.

"What are you doing?" Valkyrie asked quietly.

"I really have to piss," Carol told her, and within seconds her stream joined Valkyrie's, the two flows of yellow pee crossing over each other and soaking Valkyrie's mess.

###

Natasha, Gamora, Okoye. The line was shorter than ever, but all three of the women in it had reached their limits.

"Fuck, how much longer can you wait?" Nat asked, shaking violently.

"Seconds," Gamora said, letting rip another wet fart, "if that. God I have to poop so bad. If Quill ever hears about this-"

"Trust me, he won't," Okoye interrupted, "as long as the King never finds out either".

"Deal," Gamora agreed, before adding "Okoye, look, we all know you're desperate to go, so why don't you just admit it? We're all women here, there's no shame in it, just... dance, squirm, do whatever you gotta do". Okoye thought this over for a second, and Gamora could see in her eyes that she was considering it. "It's okay," she probed encouragingly. Okoye sighed in frustration and started to wiggle reluctantly.

"Fine," she conceded, "I'm dying to go to the bathroom". She paused, looking like a weight had been lifted, "Wow. It feels so good to say that out loud. In my line of duty admitting such a need would be shameful".

"Yeah, well, you're not in your line of- oh no," Gamora choked, struggling to finish the sentence, "it's time". Natasha stepped closer to her, unburied a hand from her aching pussy and grabbed Gamora by both shoulders.

"No, Gamora, listen to me. You can hold it. You're so strong," she insisted, barely believing it herself. But Gamora had to hold on, she had to- for Nat's sake too. If Gamora could hold it in, so could she. The look in Gamora's eyes was like a dagger to Natasha's heart. They were the eyes of a woman who had given up.

"I'm sorry, Natasha, but I'm shitting myself right now," she said, almost calm in her acceptance. And it was true- there was no going back now, not judging by the way the sound of her vibrant farts had morphed into a squishy, slimy noise. In disbelief, Nat spun Gamora 180 degrees. There was no denying that bulge, the way it grew from the size of a golf ball to the size of a grapefruit in seconds, the unmistakable smell. The greatest warrior in the galaxy had lost control of her belly and was pooping herself in a busy restaurant.

"Oh, fuck, Gamora," Natasha breathed, bouncing up and down, "don't you know how much harder that makes it for me to hold it in?"

"I'm sorry!"

"And for me, also," came Okoye's voice. Every woman in the room turned at that sound to look at her, because there was something in Okoye's voice that they had never heard before- fear. "I cannot stop it!" she was beginning to panic, all of her efforts to appear high and controlled finally catching up with her, "I have to get in that bathroom now!" She charged for the door, banged on it with her fist, went to open the handle- but it was no use. Of course Carol had locked the room, and that had doomed poor Okoye of Wakanda. Breathing heavily, she turned and there was Shuri, by her side.

"It's okay, Okoye," the Princess told her, "let it happen". That permission was all it took.

For the first time in a long time, Okoye couldn't fight back. She stood, eyes closed tight, and groaned as the first log started to poke out of her tight, dark asshole. It inched out, expanding with every millimetre, growing thicker and thicker until it was almost impossibly girthy. The turd kept coming, three inches, four- until the widest part had escaped her clenched buttocks and the rest just slid out before anything could be done. For the first time in her life, Okoye had just shit her pants; there was plenty more where that came from. The second piece was far looser, wetter, and it shot out and into her underwear. She couldn't bring herself to open her eyes- she just knew that everyone in the room would be staring, staring as she messed herself, staring as she shamed her name and her King. But it felt so good.

The sight of it was driving Natasha crazy. She had to get out of this restaurant. She turned, steeled herself and practically sprinted from the scene, into the main bulk of the restaurant, where every table was still packed with diners. By now, almost everyone in the house had caught wind that some of the Avengers and their friends were eating at the back, and most of them knew that a few had had some kind of food poisoning, but it was still a shock to see the most famous of them all appear in the centre of the main hall. In her rush, Natasha tripped on the leg of an old lady's chair and went sprawling.

The fall hadn't hurt too bad, but it had made staying dry even harder. Slowly, agonisingly, the mighty Black Widow got to her feet, surrounded by people who knew who she was and knew that she was about to have an accident. She glanced around the room in a panic for one last-ditch escape route. Wanda was there, staggering back in through the fire escape, being berated by a member of staff who was closing the door behind her. Over at the main entrance a gaggle of guests were blocking the path, watching the scene unfold like vultures. Jemma Simmons was among them, wide-eyed, holding a heavy mess in place in the back of her piss-soaked jeans and wishing there was anything she could do. No escape. Fuck.

Nat turned back the way she came, but knew that would be no escape. Everyone had followed her- Okoye, with Shuri clinging to her side. Pepper, eyes red and puffy. Gamora and Mantis, standing close together, watching on horrified. Nebula was hot on their heels, being chased by a furious manager who wanted to know why there was a dump in his potted plant. The other S.H.I.E.L.D agents appeared in a gap in the crowd, and Hope Van Dyne, looking as though she wished she could be anywhere else in the world. At the back of the room, Carol and Valkyrie emerged, one red-faced, the other unnervingly cool. There was nowhere for Natasha to go, nowhere for her to hide, and she was trapped in the middle of several hundred wealthy New Yorkers. And that was the moment her body gave in.

Her piss didn't just leak out- it exploded, a waterfall of hot, salty yellow. Within a second, the front of her jeans was utterly saturated, a whole different colour to the rest of the fabric, liquid escaping from every available hole and spraying onto the expensive carpet. That was nothing, though, compared to what was happening at the other end. Just as she had predicted earlier, Natasha's mess wasn't solid, or shapely: it squirted out in every direction, filling her panties like mud being poured into a bag. All Nat could do was stand there and moan in relief as hundreds of pairs of shocked eyes took in every last detail. They all saw the way she flicked her hair out of her face and squatted, defeated.

They couldn't miss the stench oh her diarrhoea, a vile odour that filled the room. There was no mistaking the sounds of her soaking wet farts, which sounded so strange and unladylike coming from such a powerful, beautiful woman. And each and every person in that room got a good look at the puddle- no, the pool- which formed on the carpet around her ruined shoes, a pool that was so dense and rapid that the floor couldn't soak it up in time. Every few seconds, another lump of loose poop would tumble out of her panties and onto the floor, but there was still plenty filling her underwear, squishing up against her bare skin. She lost track of time as her bladder and bowels took control from her brain, but Nat knew that by the time her stream finally began to die down, she'd been going for at least a minute.

Looking around, Natasha saw that her worst fears had come true- phones were out, cameras, flashes of light. This would be on the internet within minutes. It wasn't fair- she'd held out longer than anyone, and she'd had to pee a river too, but she'd been forced to have the most humiliating, most public accident of them all. Shame drowned her heart- Clint would see this. His wife and kids would see this. There was no chance she would ever be able to forget it. She stood up straight, opened her mouth as if to speak, and closed it abruptly. For the first time, she couldn't think of anything to say that would make things better. Instead, the world-feared Black Widow turned around and walked back towards her friends, leaving an enormous mess of piss and runny poop behind her.

"Oh, fuck," she said when they got back to the table, "I can't believe that just happened. I can't believe I just messed myself," she felt on the verge of tears.

Jemma was the last to return, heading over to their original seats. At some point during the whole ordeal, their desserts had arrived. Nobody felt much like eating. There was a hand on her back- Wanda's.

"It's ok, Nat," she said reassuringly (or at least, in a voice that she hoped was reassuring), "you're far from the only one with a... a log in their pants". Nat wasn't ready to find humour in the situation, but Valkyrie chuckled.

"It's easy for you to laugh," Okoye said sternly, "you and Carol made it".

"Excuse me? Made it?" Carol asked, spinning around. At this, Natasha really did have to stifle a laugh. Carol's entire butt was smeared in a deep brown stain, and her once-tight jeans bulged prominently.

"Okay, maybe you didn't make it," Jemma said, "But I did a poo in front of the whole restaurant, that has to be worse than your accident".

"Not worse than mine," Shuri mumbled, "these were my favourite panties".

"Oh, yeah," Valkyrie said, "that reminds me, we should probably get going now".

"Sounds good to me, I need to clean," agreed Hope, "but why?"

"Because I took a dump in the sink, and I just saw the manager go in there..."

"Shit!" Pepper gasped, eyes wide, "are you serious?"

"Sorry! I was desperate," Valkyrie said innocently.

"Dammit, okay," Pepper said, "let's get the hell out of here".

###

