Princesses Don't Pee

Author: nononono

*009*2023-03-04 22:15

IV

Mel Lancashire was a big deal. A very big deal. At just 22 years old, she already had 1 million TikTok followers, her own clothing brand, and had just been named on the Forbes 30 Under 30 list. A stunningly beautiful blonde, it seemed only a matter of time before everyone in the country knew her name. And thanks to the traction her most recent TikTok post was getting, that moment was going to come sooner rather than later.

"Good morning guys and girls, hope you're having a great Friday!" Mel's northern voice serenaded Harriet as she opened the post Molly sent. "Boy have I got a story for you... so I was back in Hull yesterday, had a few meetings about a TV show I'm presenting - watch this space! - and I was invited to pop round to the new town hall for a reception with some very famous faces. Anyway, I'd been drinking coffees all morning, and was ABSOLUTELY BUSTING for a wee by the time I got to the hall. Like I was literally shaking I had to pee so badly, my bladder was causing me physical pain." Why the fuck has she sent me this? Harriet thought to herself.

"So I waddled to the toilet, basically wetting myself at this point, finally sat my arse down on a toilet and AHHHHHHHHHHH... let me tell you, I have NEVER had moment as enjoyable as that. But then I heard someone else come into the bathroom, they clearly DYING to go. She was breathing really heavily, I could hear her dancing on the spot... and then..." the TikTok cut to a clip, a close up selfie of Mel's face reacting to the woman in the bathroom stall next to her, doing one of the most violent pisses anyone had ever seen. The woman in the video was moaning, and whispering "thank God", clearly massively relieved. "But you will NEVER guess who the mystery pisser was..." the TikTok cut to a selfie of Mel and Grace in the bathrooms, and Harriet audibly gasped.

"O fuck", read Harriet's reply to Molly.

###

Grace couldn't believe it. Yesterday she was in Hull, now she was in Mauritius, drinking margaritas on a secluded beach. They had a full day of business tomorrow, but for now, she just wanted to unwind after the long plane journey. This was nice. It was just her and Thomas, no engagements, no phones, no holding her pee in for longer than necessary. Having said that, she was starting to feel the familiar urge in her bladder, as the margaritas made themselves known. But for now, she was enjoying her book too much.

"Another round," Thomas asked, as Grace finished her second drink.

"Are you trying to get me drunk Mr Thomas?" Grace laughed. "Yes please!"

Whilst Thomas was getting the drinks, Grace tried to focus on her book, but her bladder was starting to nag. Frowning, she crossed her legs and put her book down. There were toilets in the hotel bar, but she was in her light blue bikini, and didn't want to put her clothes back on to walk through the lobby. Besides, it seemed like a wasted opportunity for some fun with Thomas. Wanting to make herself a bit more desperate, she downed the rest of her water.

It took Thomas a while to come back with the drinks, so by the time he came back, she really needed a wee. She lay on her towel, shifting about theatrically as he approached, holding two more large margaritas.

"There you are big boy," Grace laughed.

"Oh God, it's gone to her head," Thomas mocked, handing her a margarita.

"Thanks babe," she took the icy margarita from him. "God, I need a wee so so badly."

"Classic Grace," Thomas chuckled. "Sounds like someone needs a tickle."

Grace burst into laughter as Thomas tickled her stomach. "Stop I'm gonna wee all over the towels," she cried, clutching her peehole desperately. "Seriously, I'm bursting." Eventually Thomas relented, but Grace now felt twice as desperate as before. She took another sip, as Thomas started kissing her neck, and started moving his hands along her stomach. His fingers meandered their way to the waistband of her bikini bottoms, before sliding their way underneath the fabric. He brushed through her wiry pubic hair, before slowly massaging her vagina. Grace was already wet, her full bladder stimulating her clit.

She moaned as Thomas did the same with his middle finger. His cock was rock hard, and almost went off as soon as Grace started rubbing it. She felt as though she was going to explode, and as she came, a long spurt of pee soaked Thomas's fingers. Anxious not to soak the towels, Grace jumped up, startling Thomas. There was no chance of stopping the stream, so she just let it go in her bikini. Urine poured out of her, as her light blue bikini slowly turned a darker shade. Grace moaned as pee ran down both her legs, while Thomas sat there, open mouthed. Once she had finished, she ran into the sea to clean up, very quickly followed by Thomas.

###

The two were back in their hotel room, Grace sat naked on the bed, drying her hair post shower, whilst Thomas was in the bathroom. Her phone rang. It was Chris Thompson, the head of Royal Communications.

"Hello?" Grace asked.

"Hello Miss Harris. We need to fly you back to the UK right away. There's been some developments that you should be aware of..."

*010*2023-03-18 20:28

V

Victoria Henley-Brown stood on the hard shoulder on the M4, shivering on what was a particularly grey and miserable March afternoon. Her cameraman was midway through changing a tyre, allowing a stream of expletives to leave his mouth as the wind interfered once more. The beautiful brunette looked around anxiously; she was nervous, understandably as in a few hours, she was supposed to be reporting live on BBC One.

"You know you can give me a hand if you want?" her cameraman moaned at the BBC's newly appointed royal correspondent, stood scrolling Twitter on her phone.

"Sorry hun, but I can't afford to get this coat dirty, it's Burberry," Victoria replied in an accent that had become ten times posher since her promotion.

"Some would say this new job has gone to your head, but I think you're still the same down to earth girl you've always been," the cameraman moaned.

"Oh shut up Ben, jealousy isn't a good look for you," Victoria mocked. "How much longer is this going to take?"

Ben felt the rage consume him, but managed to bite his tongue at the last second.

"We should be good to go in a minute, it's not the easiest job to do by yourself," Ben grunted.

"Good. Can we stop at the next services? I could do with a trip to the ladies," Victoria asked. Ben sighed. "What? Don't blame me, blame the large cappuccino I had at lunch."

Ben put the wrench down, and looked at his watch. "Fine, we just about have enough time. But be quick. No washing your hands."

Victoria scrunched her face up. "You're truly vile, but I love you," she kissed him on the cheek.

Minutes later, they were back up and running, 12 miles away from Reading services. 11 miles away from Reading services, the car started to struggle again, making a loud rumbling noise, before spluttering and conking out completely just as Ben had pulled into the hard shoulder.

"What now," Victoria groaned.

"Don't know, looks like the engines cut out. Of course my fucking car decides to breakdown twice on fucking train strikes day," Ben gripped the steering wheel tightly in frustration. "We should probably get out," he added, as a Ford Fiesta came perilously close to hitting the car.

###

It had been about an hour since the AA were called, and Victoria was starting to get stressed. She was due to be live on BBC One giving an update about the latest royal family developments at 6:05pm. It had just turned 4pm and Waze reckoned they were about an hour and a half away from Buckingham Palace, assuming the traffic didn't get any worse. On top of that, she really needed to find a toilet, a situation not being helped by the freezing wind.

"Urghhhhh I have to pee so badly," Victoria moaned, jiggling on the spot.

"Me too," Ben shifted uncomfortably. After weighing up his situation for a few minutes, Ben decided he couldn't wait any longer. He darted to the grassy patch next to the hard shoulder, unzipped and pulled his cock out.

"Ahhhhhhhhhh," Ben sighed as he urinated, feeling utterly relieved as his bladder deflated. The sound of Ben pissing was almost unbearable for Victoria, who blocked her ears and crossed her legs desperately. "Sorry," he sheepishly apologised when he came back.

"It's so unfair that men can just go wherever they want, when we have to hold it until we find somewhere proper," Victoria cried.

"No one's stopping you. I can make sure no one sees you if you want?" he offered.

Victoria grimaced. She was tempted, as her bladder continued to fill at an alarming rate. But she resisted. Everyone had seen the video of Grace Harris on Twitter, peeing herself and wanking off the Prince on a beach in Mauritius. Sure, she knew she wasn't as high profile as Grace, but she also knew there are lots of voyeuristic creeps out there, and she didn't want to risk being caught pissing by some sick pervert with a smart phone. "I'll hold it," she reluctantly concluded.

It wasn't long before the AA turned up, and Victoria danced around frantically as they fiddled about with the car. She longed to hold herself, or better still, release her pent up urine, but she instead smiled politely, focussing all her energy on not wetting herself. Eventually, the car was fixed and the two were back on the road, one with an empty bladder, and one with a bladder bursting at the seams.

"Thank fuck," Victoria cried, hands fully dug into her crotch now that she was out of public view. "Now let's find those services before I wee all over your car."

Ben's smile dropped. "I'm really sorry Vic, but there's no way we have time to stop. We're only just going to make it on time as it is, and that's assuming there's no more traffic."

Victoria wanted to scream. "I don't think you understand how badly I need to go," her face whitening. "I've literally not peed since I woke up."

Ben widened his eyes in disbelief "nah that's got to be bullshit."

It wasn't. Victoria was renowned in the business for having a bladder of steel. Before her promotion, she'd be sent all over the country, often to places with no easy bathroom access. She'd hold it for hours on end, and she wouldn't even think about it until she sat on the train home. Then it became a game to see how long she could hold it for. Sometimes she'd have to resort to using the train toilets, but most of the time, she'd manage to make it all the way home, before unleashing an unholy amount of urine in the comfort of her own bathroom. However Victoria was drinking much more than usual, as she was trying to battle a sore throat. And now she was on the verge of exploding.

###

The next hour and a half was the longest of Victoria's life. Her bladder felt as though it was going to pop, and poison her body with urine. She'd searched desperately for some sort of container to pee into in the car, but couldn't find anything. "The one time you fucking clean this car..." she moaned at Ben. All her normal inhibitions were out the window, her hands had been jammed into her peehole for most of the ride, in the name of preventing an accident. They were finally in London, but Victoria was starting to panic.

"I don't think I can do this," Victoria cried, her breath shortening.

"Come on, we're nearly there now," Ben tried to sooth his desperate colleague.

"I'm absolutely bursting, this is torture," Victoria clutched her aching peehole.

"You'll be fine," Ben lied. In truth, he didn't know. He had never seen anyone this desperate for the toilet before, and he wasn't convinced that his front seat was going to be dry by the end of the journey. "You can present your piece, then we can find you a toilet."

"I can't believe this is happening. I can barely think about anything else, how the fuck am I supposed to present live TV?" Victoria cried. Her bladder was swollen, and not at all well hidden by her white jumper. The top button was undone on her blue suit trousers, exposing her lacy white panties to Ben. Not that she had another choice though; she was convinced that she'd have already pissed herself if her top button was still digging into her dangerously full organ. It was now 6pm, and within minutes, she'd be reporting live to the country about the dramatic developments in the royal family. She just hoped her bladder could hang on.

The speed bumps on the road up to the palace were hell for Victoria. With every jolt, it felt like 1000 knives were digging into her bladder, and at this point, she had no choice but to hold herself by slipping her hands through the waistband of her panties. One particularly violent speed bump was too much for Victoria, and a hot spurt of pee leaked onto her fingers. Clenching everything, she managed to stem the tide but she knew she didn't have long left. She was in physical pain at this point, to the point she was genuinely worried about whether it was medically safe to hold it this long.

The car pulled up to Buckingham Palace, the lighting and microphones already in place. She felt the nerves again, and as she reluctantly took her hands out of her panties, her peehole almost gave up. Using all her might, she held on, but the next challenge was seconds away. As she stood up, she felt the entire weight of her bladder for the first time. The game was almost over, and a long streak of piss running down her legs reminded her how close to exploding she was. Doubling over in pain, she wasn't sure if she'd manage.

"Are you okay?" one of the lighting men asked.

Victoria could barely walk, let alone speak.

"She's just a bit desperate for the loo," Ben answered on her behalf.

"A bit?" Victoria growled. She waddled to her position, risking a flood with every step. Once in position, she couldn't stand still. She hopped on the spot, squirmed dramatically, contorted her body in whatever way possible to hold her pee.

"You're on in 30 seconds," Ben whispered. Victoria nodded and tried her best to compose herself. But when she stood still, the pressure built intolerable levels. A member of crew attached an ear piece to her, the task made more difficult by her inability to stand still "Vic! Trousers!"

Victoria looked down, her trousers were still unbuttoned at the top, revealing her panties to the whole crew. If that was the most embarrassing part of the next five minutes, then she'll have done well.

"We're joined by our new royal correspondent Victoria Henley-Brown, live from Buckingham Palace. So Victoria, a dramatic few days for the royal family, firstly with various videos surfacing on the internet of Grace Harris in a compromising position, and with this morning's announcement that her and the Prince are going to split. What do you make of it all?" the main anchor asked.

Victoria froze, it had been a while since she'd had to think about anything beside her desperate need for relief. "Well, erm, it's obviously a shock. But I think, erm, whilst the TikTok posted by Mel Lancashire was embarrassing for the royal family, the pictures taken of the Prince and Grace involved in, erm, intimate activity on the beach have been utterly humiliating for everyone involved. And I understand it must have been a difficult decision for the couple, but I think their relationship was untenable." Victoria barely stopped for breath, and could not stop shaking.

"A lot of people are speculating that the Prince would have been forced into making this decision, what have you been able to find out?"

"Well," another wave of intense desperation hit her, and she had to cross her legs to prevent an accident. "The palace themselves have yet to mention the split, and I understand that..." Victoria's bladder had had enough. Her heart rate spiked as she felt a warmth spread across her crotch. The relief was indescribable as the contents of her very, very full bladder emptied. Her face reddened as she tried to continue her report whilst wetting herself.

"Ermmmm, Grace and the Prince cut short their time in Mauritius to deal with this incident..." She prayed that the camera wasn't showing her bottom half, but she was pretty sure everyone would have been able to hear the sound of her urine crashing against the ground below. The crew looked on in shock, as Victoria bravely tried to continue with her report.

"Erm, and I believe a meeting was held with the Royal Family's Head of Communications earlier today." The relief was so incredible, it took so much effort for Victoria not to moan as ten hours worth of piss flowed out of her. The urine filled up her shoes, whilst a puddle grew rapidly underneath her. This felt like the longest pee Victoria had ever done, and it showed no signs of stopping.

"Sorry, Victoria, we're having some issues with the sound quality, could you repeat that?" the anchor asked.

"Ahhhhhh," a moan slipped out. "Ermmmm, yes, the Prince and Grace held a meeting this morning with..."

"I'm sorry, we're going to have to cut you off there, we're getting some sound interference, apologies to the viewers back home who wanted an update on the news that Prince Thomas has split up with his partner Grace Harris." And with that, she was off air.

"Oh fuckkkkkk," Victoria allowed herself to enjoy her relief as urine continued to cascade out of her body. Her trousers were absolutely drenched, and she was pretty sure she'd pissed all over her new Burberry coat. The crew looked away to afford Victoria a bit of privacy, but in truth, they'd seen it all already anyway. Eventually, the stream died down, and the post piss ecstasy died down. Now she stood there, covered in her own wee, humiliated and probably already a laughing stock on the internet. She wanted to ground to swallow her up. Tears welled in her eyes.

"Hey hey, come on," Ben hugged the distraught presenter. "Let's get you home."

"I can't believe that just happened," Victoria cried.

"Never mind that. At least you've got a funny story to tell," Ben laughed.

"That story is going with me to the grave," Victoria couldn't yet see the funny side.

"Well I'll tell everyone then," Ben smirked, prompting a playful punch from Victoria.

"You owe me a takeaway then, since you didn't let me stop at the services," Victoria allowed herself a little smile.

"Oh go on then," Ben laughed, as they arrived at the car. "Now let's see if we can find a towel.'

*011*2023-03-19 15:31

VI

"Are you still watching?" the black screen on the TV in Grace's old bedroom read, as she lay undressed in bed at 3pm for the seventh day in a row. Using what felt like all the strength she could muster, she chose "Yes and don't ask me again" option. She didn't need to be judged by a streaming service she paid £16 a month for. Well, her parents did. She took another gulp of the giant bottle of Coca-Cola that sat by her bed, next to the stacks of empty Dominoes, Wagamamas and McDonald's boxes. It was one week since the worst day of her life, one week since some scumbag took a photographs of her on that beach in Mauritius, one week since Prince Thomas broke up with her, a decision she was 99% certain that the Royal Family forced him to make.

A week of constant trending on Twitter, endless email requests, countless DMs from sick perverts on Instagram. Another episode of Below Deck played. She thought about texting Thomas again, but then remembered he hadn't replied to any of her messages. He was on the news yesterday talking about England's bid to host the 2030 World Cup, smiling and shaking hands with various delegates. Why the fuck does he look so happy? Grace thought at the time.

As she finished the 1.5 litre bottle of Coke, her mind was drawn to her increasing need to pee. She'd only peed once that day, when she was woken up by a bursting bladder at 7am. Even going to the toilet felt like a chore at the moment. The bathroom was downstairs, and that meant risking social interaction. At the moment, trips to the bathroom were reserved for absolute emergencies. Ignoring the discomfort in the bladder, she continued to binge Below Deck.

Reaching for her phone, she saw the framed picture of her and Thomas she kept next to her bed, and her eyes welled up with tears again. The picture was taken before a big fancy dinner with the President of France, and Grace looked so beautiful. She caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror, she looked a shell of a person. Her hair was unkempt, her eyes puffy and her white vest top stained with tomato sauce. An email came through, this time it was the Love Island producers asking if she'd be interested into being on the next series. Grace couldn't help but smile for the first time that day. If only they could see me now.

Another episode finished, and Grace conceded that it was probably time to brave the bathroom. She'd seen that Euphoria episode, the one where Rue's kidneys stop working because she's too depressed to pee. The Coke was now resting heavily in her bladder, and she was finding it difficult to sit still. Throwing a dressing gown on to hide her stained vest, she got out of bed for just the second time that day. She crept down the stairs, but immediately scurried back to her room as she heard the doorbell ring. It was her parent's friends, Pete and Jess, round for tea and cake. Her mum had spent the morning trying to encourage Grace to join them, but the last thing she wanted to do was to speak to someone else right now. Grace cursed her luck as she closed her bedroom door quietly behind her, bladder still full of urine.

She watched another episode, to try and take her mind off of her now desperate need to pee. She lay on her side, fist firmly dug into her crotch, trying to contain the considerable amount of piss that was building up inside her. By the time the episode was done, she was dying to go, barely able to think about anything else. She hobbled to the door, clutching herself, and listening to see if she could still hear Pete and Jess. Jess's cutting laugh indicated that they were. She thought about just braving it and heading downstairs, but catching a glimpse of herself in the mirror, she decided that was a no-go. Grace assessed her other options.

1) Hold it until they left - Grace knew this was the most dignified option, but how long was that going to take? Pete and Jess were sometimes known to stay long into the evening, even when just coming round for a cup of tea. Besides, Grace was so desperate for a wee that she didn't think she could hold it much longer at all.

2) Wet herself - she was already known for wetting herself, why not just play into it? But her floor was carpeted, and her towel was still in the bathroom. Her room also already smelt bad enough without having to worry about the smell of urine.

3) Find a container to pee in - Grace knew straightaway this was the option she'd have to pursue, as the urine sloshed uncomfortably in her aching bladder. Clutching herself tightly, she knelt down to see if she could find anything to pee in. There was the empty Coke bottle, but aiming would be near impossible. All her packaging from her takeaways was made out of paper, so that was a no go. Just as she was beginning to give up hope, she remember she ordered a large Fanta from McDonald's. If she could find the cup from that, she'd be golden.

After some frantic searching through her messy bedroom, she found it: the holy grail to ending her predicament. She danced desperately as she tried to undo her pyjama bottoms, whilst trying not to wet herself straight away. She eventually undid the knot, and pulled her bottoms down, revealing her very much unshaven pussy. She'd barely held the cup against her pee hole when there was a knock at the door. A slither of pee came out, but Grace managed to clench, and reluctantly pulled her pyjama bottoms back up.

"Come in," Grace croaked, ignoring the pee that was now on the verge of leaving her body.

"Hello love," Grace's mum wrinkled her nose at the smell. "We were just wondering how you're doing today?"

"I'm fine," Grace lied as a trickle of wee escaped, running down her leg.

"Okay, we thought we might go out for dinner and we wondered.."

"No thanks," Grace interrupted, desperate to get her to leave her room as soon as possible.

"I just thought I'd ask. Ooh let me just clean this up for you," her mum said, picking up some of the containers that lay strewn across the floor. Grace's heart dropped as her mum took the empty Fanta cup out of her hand, but she was grateful that she didn't notice the drop of pee inside. Another slither of urine left her body, reminding Grace she didn't have long.

"Are Pete and Jess still here?" she asked.

"No..." her mum started, but was interrupted by Grace dashing out the door, clutching herself as she ran in search of relief. As she ran down the stairs, she heard a voice downstairs.

"Hi mum, hi dad. I'll say hi in a minute, but I'm absolutely gasping for a wee," shouted Grace's younger sister, Anna. Grace had completely forgot that she was coming back from uni. Normally she'd have been delighted to see her sister, but as she saw her sister hurry into the bathroom, she felt a sense of anger, and worry. Grace waited anxiously outside the door, but as she heard Anna's tremendous stream crashing against the toilet water, and her moaning in relief, she couldn't hang on anymore. Urine burst out of Grace, dramatically soaking her pink pyjama bottoms, and pouring onto the floor like a shower head. Grace sighed as her exploding bladder emptied, but her face reddened as her parents approached, dad avoiding eye contact, and mum looking very concerned. The toilet flushed, the tap turned on, and then Anna was outside the door, watching as Grace continued to wee herself.

"Hey sis," Anna laughed. "Is pissing yourself your personality now then?"

Grace just cried. "Don't be so insensitive," their mum hissed.

"Just trying to lighten the mood," Anna shrugged.

Grace darted into the bathroom, closing the door behind her, and released the rest of her pee in the toilet bowl, sobbing into her hands. Her phone buzzed.

"Hey Grace, sorry for not texting this week. Can we meet up later? In secret... T x"

