A Confused little Girl Starts College

Author: Nao Izu

*000*2017-02-12 06:02

This is probably a little long winded, and I may or may not continue it, not sure how it will be received especially since I'm new here. I signed up a year ago, but mostly just lurked around trying to get a feel. I'm still a little worried, so I'm sorry if you don't like this story. I just thought I'd try to see what happened.

Contemplating the Solution

Miho Watanabe stood in the small bathroom of her apartment thinking to herself about what she was about to do. She remembered clearly why she had decided to do this, and why she had promised her private English teacher that she would do this, but still, she had reservations about doing this on purpose.

She looked at the toilet and down at her pajama sweat bottoms that were a dark purple in color. They were her favorite pajamas, but they had suffered the same fate several times before; though this was the first time she was going to do this on purpose.

The very short girl with black straight hair cut to the frame of her face, dark brown eyes, and a roundish still somewhat child-like face stared back to the toilet. Her black undershirt was long sleeved to keep her warm in the late spring evening. Was she really going to do this on purpose?

The girl looked over at the mirror and blushed as she saw herself contemplating what she was about to do. Once she decided on this, then there was likely no going back, and yet, this plan was to help her in the long run. It was going to help her not make a fool of herself in front of her classmates in classes or in public. She shook a little bit at the mischief that she was thinking.

Almost Four Months ago

Miho remembered the first instance that caused all this trouble, and so, this solution that her Private English had presented to her, and that she agreed to go through with. Though she should have actually done this nearly two weeks before for the first time on purpose, she had just not gotten the nerve just yet, but next week, her classes were starting, and the last thing she needed, was to have an accident in class in front of everyone!

That first instance had been such a shock for Miho, and she remembered the look on the teacher’s face. He wasn’t really mad, but he wasn’t smiling. He was just staring at her when it was discovered, as though in complete disbelief. He had had her stand up….

It was the third lesson she had met her teacher, when it happened. Already, in two lessons, he had taught her in a way that her other English teachers had not taught, and his way made so much sense to her, that she actually understood the infinitive much better than she had before. It was because of his style of teaching and his seeming complete understanding of how the Japanese language differed from the English language that he was able to not only teach her the correct way of thinking about infinitives, but also the reason for the Japanese interpretation and how while in grammar it seemed very different, how easy it could be, and how in reality, it meant completely the same as her teachers taught her.

He worked on her pronunciation as well, and he made sure she was able to say some very common phrases before moving on to the meat of the lesson, the main grammar point. Miho loved his style, and he was very patient with her and always knew just how to encourage her when she was on a roll, and he avoided embarrassing her too much when her mistake was even obvious to a younger person.

Now, as the teacher had moved on past the phrases and the pronunciation on this day, and started the meat of the lesson, about 45 minutes into the 90 minute lesson, she felt a bit of warmth under her though her bladder had given her no signal at all, and she still had not really felt wet, as it were, just a bit more warm than usual.

She squirmed a bit as he continued to teach her the lesson. It felt a little weird under her, but soon, she was entranced in his lesson again, and she ignored the warmth that soon cooled and she felt comfortable again.

Several minutes later, more warmth was felt under her bottom. She put her left hand down by her crotch, but it was completely dry and normal feeling, so she lifted her hand and continued to write while he taught.

Miho scooted in her seat a bit to get comfortable again, and the warmth seemed to go away. Maybe she was sweating a bit because he had the heater on full blast because of how cold it had been out due to it being January.

She continued taking notes as she got more comfortable, but as the teacher walked over to her and put a hand on her shoulder as he watched what she was writing over her shoulder checking her work, she felt a heavier warmth under her bottom and suddenly, she lifted up a bit and sat back down squirming at the sudden discomfort. However, when she lifted up, it seemed to have attracted his attention, and he pushed her lightly on the top of her back and whispered.

“Stand up, honey.”

She did so.

Miho looked back at him as he seemed to be staring in shock at her pants and the chair. She looked around at the chair and saw some liquid in the seat around where she had been sitting. He was shaking as though in complete loss of what to do as he reached for her left arm and made her feel the back of her pants which were soaked around the butt and under her towards her crotch.

Did she just pee her pants?

“You peed your pants,” the teacher said her thoughts aloud. “Why?”

Miho gulped. She didn’t know what to say or think. She had not felt her bladder send any signals at all, and she had not felt the spraying of her privates into her panties, but obviously, her pants were wet in just the right places, that it had to be pee. She looked back at him wanting to say maybe she sat in something. Maybe the chair was already wet or something.

The teacher brought her hand up to his nose and he sniffed it and then he put her hand towards her own nose and she smelled. No, it smelled of pee, definitely.

“Why didn’t you ask me to go?” he asked her again although not raising his voice or acting mad in anyway.

“I didn’t feel anything. I don’t know when it happened.”

He shook his head and frowned at her. “You didn’t feel yourself peeing?” he asked her.

She shook her head no.

Tears were coming to her dark eyes causing them to cloud over so that she didn’t quite see his face so clearly. Her ears burned and her face felt like it was on fire. She shook as she stood there, wearing wet overalls, waiting for him to start telling her off for acting like a little kid.

“It’s okay,” he told her finally. “But I need to ask you some personal questions, honey. Have you been wetting the bed or wet your pants any other time?”

Miho shook her head her red face burning more purple red than before that he had to ask her such a question.

“Well, I’m just asking because if this is not a medical problem, and not something you have done before, then I must ask if you think I’m scary.”

“Scary?” she asked feeling her breathing starting to calm a bit. “You don’t scary to me.”

“Well, sometimes, people wet themselves if they feel trapped or scared. I thought by teaching you how to ask to take a break from the first lesson, you would know it was okay to use the bathroom during class.”

“I promise, I know I can go bathroom during class,” Miho said softly.

“Well, if I don’t scare your or make you nervous…,” he looked at her again for an answer to which she shook her head.

“Well, I know really young children, though I don’t expect it in older girls especially adults, but really young children might be so interested in something fun, that they might not realize they have to use the bathroom so badly, and ignore it, causing them to wet their pants. While that would make me really happy that you liked my lesson that much, it would also make me concerned that you can’t seem to realize you have to use the bathroom so badly. It might mean you have something mentally or physically wrong, honey.”

Miho nodded. “I don’t have a problem such as that. I promise. I just don’t feel it even I want to pee or feel it come out until I am wet. I promise.”

He sighed and nodded. He could see that her eyes were starting to water a little bit more and that it was now spilling down her cheeks as she started to cry. He pulled her towards another chair and he sat down and wrapped his arms around her so his hands rested on her wet bottom and he smiled up at her.

“It’s okay, honey. You don’t need to cry. It was just an accident, honey.”

Miho felt like never coming back to the English lesson ever again after this. It was so embarrassing to wet in front of him especially because she also had a bit of a crush on him. She didn’t fight him though as he pulled her closer to him and she eventually found herself in his lap as he talked quietly to her.

“It’s okay, sweetie. It’s okay. It was just a mistake kind of like if you said two plus two is five. It was a mistake, and we need to correct the mistake if you don’t know it was bad to pee, but you already know that, don’t you?”

Miho nodded.

“So, really, all there is to do, is comfort you because you are obviously scared and embarrassed. And there is the problem of you going home like this, honey.”

She nodded. If she went outside the way she was right now, and rode her bike home, everyone would see that she was wet.

The teacher cradled her in his arms and leaned her head against his chest for a minute.

“Just let me take care of you the best I can, okay?”

Miho nodded.

He rocked her a bit and felt a hand under her bottom again. “You’re pretty wet,” he told her. “I don’t really want you to go home looking like you pee your pants because people are going to notice, honey.”

Miho also didn’t want to go home like that. What would she tell her dad if he saw her peed in pants?

“I know the lesson is almost over,” the teacher said looking up at the clock there being only about fifteen minutes of class left now. “But if you go out like this, someone will see you when you pass a lit area, and they will know you peed. Do you want your neighbors or possibly a friend to catch you on the way home in soaked pants?”

Miho shook her head.

“Me neither, honey. So how about you stay here a little longer to give your pants a chance to dry?”

Miho nodded. That seemed like a good idea.

“I know you probably feel really bad and you are probably thinking you don’t want to ever come back here,” the teacher seemed to read her mind. “But if you do that, your dad is going to want to know why, and I’ll have to tell him what you did.”

She looked down.

“Not only that, but it would be a shame to let a little mistake get in the way of you doing something you really like doing. I mean, if you like learning English.”

“I do like to learn English.”

“I know there are other English schools,” he told her. “But if you go to another English school, it is hard to tell how another teacher will react to an adult wetting her pants, right?”

Miho nodded.

“If you continue with our lessons, I will not think of this as being any bigger than a missed question, and as long as it never happens again, we don’t need to bring it up again, okay?”

Miho softly whispered. “Thank you.”

The teacher rubbed her arm as he rocked her. Then he put on the listening exercise, a short drama that was really funny, and he let her sit in his lap while they watched even though she was sure she was getting his pants wet from sitting in his lap.

Eventually, as the drama came to an end, he gently stood her up again, moved her around to bend over his knee, but like you would position a child to spank them, which made her worry for a moment, but then he seemed to put his hands on the butt of her overalls and pull them looking at her butt closely as though to judge. He finished by feeling her butt and between her legs from behind her with his hand, and he then let her back up.

“You’re still pretty wet,” he told her. “But your pants don’t really show it that badly now. Your overalls are dark enough and with a coat on you, you should be able to hide the wetness until you get home. But you should go straight to the bathroom as soon as you can, wash out your panties and overalls so your parents don’t know you wet yourself, but maybe since you rinsed them out, they will think you just had a girl period or something happen.”

Miho nodded and softly smiled as she quietly said ‘Thank you’ again.

“It’s okay,” the teacher pulled her back into a hug again before taking her hand and walking her to the entrance area to get her coat for her. “Don’t stop at any convenience stores though even if you start to wet yourself again because in very strong light, it can still be noticed that you peed, okay?”

Miho nodded and promised to go straight home. She was already more than half an hour late getting out of class anyway, so she wanted to get home so her mom didn’t worry too much about her anyway.

Just before she left out the door though, he grabbed her one last time, squatted down so he could hug her his hands touching her wet butt again, and he whispered gently into her ear. “Are you coming next week, honey?”

“Yes, I promise. I still come this class, but I feel a little scared because I pee pants.”

“It’s okay,” he told her. “We’ll talk more about the wetting then if we need to, okay?”

Miho nodded, and she finally left the small apartment space where the English class was set up on the fifth floor of an eight floor apartment building.

That was the very first time she had wet her pants in her life as far as she could ever remember, and it was the start of her problems that now led her to face this solution.

Back to Present Time

So the young eighteen year old girl looked back at the toilet contemplating what she was about to do.

It made sense just about a month ago when the English teacher had thought up the plan and had pitched it to her, and she had readily agreed to his whole plan for her college life. She had even promised to do this much earlier than now, but only now, was she feeling brave enough to do this.

The plan was, since she was feeling really insecure, and he had reasoned that that fear coupled with the safe place that his school offered her to be safe from people that would judge her for wetting her pants, was that she needed to do this in a safe place on her own because she no longer had the leisure of going to his classes every Thursday evening to have accidents in her pants.

She could feel the pressure building in her bladder. It was not meant to be on accident this time. His reasoning for her doing it on purpose late at night in the privacy of her own apartment bathroom away from prying eyes, was that controlling her problem would be easier on her, and it would prevent her having a public humiliation problem. There was a part B to the plan, of course, but this was the first step. She felt her body shudder as she thought about what she was about to do, standing there in her sleeping sweats and black long sleeve undershirt. She approached the toilet, and she sat down nervously without pulling her sweats down. She waited a moment or two thinking about the pros and cons of this action. She was unsure, scared, embarrassed, feeling naughty, and at the same time, felt like it was the only way to make sure she didn’t embarrass herself next Monday when her first classes at college would start.

She sat there for a long time, her bladder pulsing at her but not releasing due to the naughty and unnatural feeling of her pants still being pulled up as she sat there.

Her mind drifted again.

The Problem becomes Realized

Miho was driven straight from school the second English lesson she had in January. It was the first day back to school, so she had little time between school and getting to English due to the after school activities she was involved with at the time.

Miho had been involved with her class preparing for memories by posing for pictures that their homeroom teachers took of them in their former club activities, with the classes and with deciding the layout of their memory books.

While classes had gotten out at 4:00 on that Thursday, she and her classmates had been at school until 6:00 preparing pictures and designs for their memory books. It had been nearly the same the whole week from Monday for January was the last full month that the students would be expected to go to high school thought they would have to come back on March first for their graduation ceremonies.

Miho had then been taken from her high school by her dad, and because it was pretty far from where she lived, she had to drive for nearly an hour to get to the English school. That put her pulling up to the English school at seven though her class wasn’t due to start until 7:30.

As they were waiting in the car, she talked to her dad about what she and her friends were doing at school this last month. Some of her classmates still had to take tests in February and even into March because there were two or three rounds of acceptance into colleges. Miho thought she was rather lucky to be picked on the first round that was decided in December, but her father assured her that it was because she studied hard, and because she was going to an all English college and her English ability really was that good. Still, just to put her nerves at ease, he had enrolled her temporarily in this private English class so she would feel confident when she went away to college.

The teacher gestured for her to sit down at her seat, and then he walked around to the whiteboard to give her some distance as he prepared to talk to her about what happened the last time as it seemed he felt like it needed an explanation for the two of them to continue.

“Honey, you aren’t scared of me, right?” he started.

“I promise, I don’t scared you.”

“And you haven’t wet your pants at home or in the last week at school, have you?”

“No, I promise, I don’t do that.”

“Then, I think there is one other thing it could be, but it might be hard for you to hear.”

Miho looked up at him as he went on to explain.

“You are very excited about going to college, aren’t you?”

Miho nodded.

“But you are probably a little worried about what is going to be different about college from high school, aren’t you?”

Miho shrugged. Sure, she did expect it to be different, but she didn’t think it would be any different than the difference between junior high and high school.

“Well, I think you are either really nervous about college, and coming to this class reminds you of how you are going to have to grow up a bit more, or you might like my class so much, that you just didn’t feel it coming out until it was too late. While that last would make me less worried about you and happier, I think it would be strange if that is why you peed your pants since most adults don’t let something like that happen to them.”

“I think…,” Miho hesitated unsure how to say what she wanted to say.

“Go on,” the teacher tried to encourage her as though he was thinking she was scared he wouldn’t accept her own explanation.

“Last week, I ride a bicycle to come here for more than forty minutes, and I worry to be late, so I ride it hard. Then I get Seven Eleven near here, and I feel really hot and thirsty because I ride so hard. So I go in and buy many water, and drink it a lot. Then I come to class. And I like the class too much to notice I must pee soon, so it came out because I drink too much?”

The teacher smiled and nodded. “So you really think part of the reason is because you were concentrating too much on the lesson to notice you have to pee?”

Miho nodded. “And I drink too much water.”

“Okay,” the teacher smiled and nodded at her. “Well, if that is what it was, then we can just put it behind us, okay?”

And then they went on with the lesson, and she didn’t even pee her pants that day though he did make her change her pants from her skirt she had on to a pair of pink sweats he had gotten for her just in case.

“I want you to wear these just in case for today. If you don’t wet your pants today, then next week, we won’t worry about making sure, okay?”

Miho nodded.

He took her to the bathroom, and let her go in and by herself and change out of her skirt and he also insisted, her pantyhose, to put on the pink sweats he had for her.

She did so, and then they went back to the classroom again to continue the lesson.

At the end of the lesson, she was still dry, so he wrapped a blanket around her, and though she felt embarrassed that he had gone through such trouble to help her, she couldn’t help but blush and say thank you when he insisted on her taking off her pink sweats right there in front of him though it was under a blanket that he held around her so it didn’t seem he was trying to see her panties.

Soon, she was redressed again in her pantyhose and skirt, and she was out the door.

That should have been the end of it as far as Miho was concerned. She had definitely not wet her pants again, and as nice as the teacher was to her and thinking about everything she might need, she really trusted him.

The next week after staying late at school again working on the class memory book, Miho was driven to Seven Eleven by her father first to get a bit of a snack and something to drink, and she also used the bathroom to make sure there would be no problem in the English class. Then they arrived at English about ten minutes before class was to start, and she started up the steps early and waited outside the door for the junior high school girl to come out.

The teacher smiled at his student, and welcomed her in.

Miho came in excitedly. She really liked her private English teacher by now because not only was he really cool though she could never admit it aloud because of his age and everything, but he was also very considerate of her feelings, and he had accepted her own explanation the last week as though that was what it must have been.

They walked through the entrance way past the bathroom without a word from him about checking on her need to use the bathroom. He let her sit down, though the only thing he did that was a little alarming, was he moved her skirt out from under her after making her stand up. He didn’t want it tucked under her legs for some reason, which she thought was the decent way, but she was too shy and grateful of him to press the issue. So she let him spread it out around her chair around her.

On this day, though on any other day, it wouldn’t have been important, there was one other thing that was going on with the girl that might have contributed to her next problem. She had her monthly period, or rather, she was on the verge of finishing her monthly period, so while she didn’t have great pains or a lot of blood leaking, she still wore a sanitary napkin just in case some came out, and she also wore some ‘period’ panties as they were known to most girls her age, ones that were put on to keep the blood from leaking into her other clothes because the crotch was a bit thicker where it was needed.

These period panties were actually shared with her mother, her sister, and her aunt, so it was definitely important that she was wearing them when this lesson happened.

The girl had just settled and the teacher was starting a conversation with her starting the class as normal. Miho had no idea of what was going on under her skirt and under her black nylon pantyhose as she enjoyed the lesson.

The lesson had moved on past the short conversation to the practice phrases and finally past the pronunciation. All of that had taken forty minutes or so, and now, they were into the meat of the lesson.

Once again, the teacher made the lesson engaging having her practice saying responses as well as write them. As they continued the lesson, at one point, he had her stand up and come to the whiteboard. Still, the girl had no idea that anything strange was going on. Sure, she felt a little damp down there, but she thought she was just leaking blood again.

The teacher had her write five correct sentences on the main whiteboard where he could correct it for her so she could clearly see the difference of the right answer and what she was thinking. While she was writing, he suddenly moved a little closer to her as if to whisper in her ear, but he didn’t say anything. She just felt his nose bump the top of her head, but he let her finish the sentences. Then he let her start back to her seat, but before sitting down, he suddenly put his hand on her seat.

“Your seat is wet,” the teacher told her.

“Oh,” she said blushing. “I don’t think it’s pee. I think… just a minute. May I check my dictionary?”

“Sure.”

Miho looked up the word, and then she looked up at him not sure which word she should use that he dictionary gave. “I am menstruation.” She felt like what she said wasn’t quite right for he have her a rather disgusted look, and then she said the next word. “I have period?”

“Oh, are you saying this is from having a period?” he asked her.

Miho nodded. “I think so. Can I go bathroom and change my napkin?”

“Your napkin?” he asked. “Do you mean your pad?”

Miho nodded assuming they were talking about the same thing.

“I don’t know, honey. It doesn’t look red at all. Are you sure you aren’t lying about wetting?”

“I don’t think I wet. Please, I check it by myself in the bathroom.”

“If you are wet, and you lie to me, how can I help you?” her teacher asked. “You shouldn’t lie to me about wetting your pants since it might mean other people will find out you wet. Of course, if you don’t mind that, it’s okay, but I’m going to be a little mad if you lie to me.”

“I don’t lie. I tell you if it doesn’t period. I promise.”

The teacher sighed and nodded letting her go to the bathroom.

Miho went into the bathroom, and with a sigh, she pulled down her skirt and her nylon together along with her panties. As she pulled down her nylons, she realized that it did feel a bit more wet than her period could possibly get her. She felt her eyes water as she pulled down her hose and panties to find that her pad was kind of wet and yellowed and her back of her panties were soaked and yellow as well as her pantyhose. She must have peed her pants again.

She shook her head and pulled up her panties, her pantyhose, and her skirt before coming out of the bathroom. She walked over to the teacher who seemed to be waiting by the sink in the entrance way for her verdict.

“It doesn’t period,” she said rather softly and ashamed. Her face was really red and her ears burned.

“So you wet your pants?” he asked her.

Miho nodded.

“This is everyday living English, honey. Go ahead and say it. I wet my pants,” he insisted of her.

“I wet my pants,” Miho repeated in a very soft quivering voice as she stood there shaking wondering what he was going to do to her for wetting her pants a second time in his classes.

The teacher took her by the hand and led her to the classroom again, he brought her to his chair and stood her in front of him, his hands going up under her skirt to rest on her wet pantyhose covered butt. He felt her briefly before resting his hands on her hips.

“Are you an adult or a little girl?” the teacher asked her.

“What mean?” she asked not sure how he wanted her to answer that question.

“Well, if you are an adult, I have to treat you like one. That means being a little bit upset that you peed yourself and telling you off for it, and possibly punishing you so you don’t ever do it again. If you are a child, then you need to be comforted and taken care of. I’d rather see you as a child because I really don’t want to tell an adult off for wetting her pants….”

“I… I don’t know,” Miho was not in a hurry to say she was a little kid, but at the same time, she really felt bad enough for wetting her pants and really didn’t want to be yelled at for it, too.

“It’s okay,” the teacher smiled at her. “When did you turn eighteen, honey?”

“In December?”

“What day?”

“The twenty-third.”

“Then you really are new at being an adult, aren’t you? And in Japan, you aren’t really considered an adult yet, are you?”

Miho nodded.

“How about I let you be a little girl to make this easier for both of us?” he asked her. “If you are a little girl, then it’s okay to wet your pants, and I’ll just comfort you, take care of you, and get you changed so you don’t get sick, okay?”

Miho nodded.

“A little girl has to do what her teacher says though, right?”

Miho nodded.

“So no fighting me, and you do exactly as I say, okay?”

Miho nodded.

“Good girl. Now, this is the second time this has happened. Maybe we should tell your parents about it….”

“No! Please! It doesn’t that kind problem. Please don’t say it. I do anything you say, I promise.”

The teacher sighed and nodded. He got to his feet gently nudging her back, and then he went to the closet and got out some clean panties and the clean pink sweats from the other lesson. He went back to her, and he brought her closer to him pulling her by her wet bottom from under her skirt.

“If you are a child, then I need to change you,” he told her. “Understand?”

“Can I do that in the bathroom?” she asked him.

“If you are an adult enough to do this yourself, then you need to be treated like an adult that has wet herself,” he said a little stern frown coming to his face. “If that is the case, you will not be changed at all, and I will simply have to tell your dad you peed your pants in class and to have him pick you up right now.”

“No, please, don’t do that,” Miho said.

“Well, if you are a little girl, then you will do what your teacher says and let your teacher take care of you. So are you a little girl or an adult?”

“I’m little girl,” she said blushing and smiling shyly.

“Good. Now, I’m not going to hurt you, and I won’t see your privates if you do what I say, okay?”

“Okay,” she nodded as she finally let him grip her pantyhose and her panties at the hips and start to pull them down. Just as he promised, his hands stayed away from her front only going around to her bottom when needed to move, and he got them down her legs and she lifted her feet holding his shoulder for support.

The teacher smiled up at her.

“See?” he had been looking at her eyes all the time though her skirt had been mostly covering her so she knew he had no chance to see her privates at all. “Now, let’s get some panties on you, okay?”

Miho nodded and let him put the clean panties on her and he pulled them to her knees before he nodded at her. “You can pull them the rest of the way up, honey.”

She did, and then he took off her skirt so all he saw was her panty covered waist and her school shirt covered her stomach and everything else.

“Good girl,” he said as he got the pink sweats ready for her. “Now, these were bought for you because of this very problem, so go ahead and step in,” he told her which she did. She smiled shyly and she muttered ‘thank you’ many times to him while he took care of changing her.

“You wet your pants really bad,” he told her. “You’re lucky it’s me that you wet in front of and not someone who is a little stricter, honey.”

Miho already knew that, but she whispered ‘thank you’ again anyway.

He then pulled her into his lap.

“Honey, I really think this is more than just you drinking too much water or being excited by English. Don’t you think so?”

“I don’t sick,” she said.

“No, honey. If you were having a bladder or kidney problem… if you were sick, you would be wetting your pants at home and at school, too, honey. No, I don’t think it’s that, either.”

She sat in his lap as he gently coaxed her into his lap.

“I think you are more worried about going to an all English speaking college than you realize. I also know that last time, you said you are going to be staying by yourself and you will have to cook for yourself, clean your own laundry, and do everything on your own because you are going to another place far from your parents for school, right?”

Miho nodded.

“Well, maybe as that time gets closer, you are having a lot of worry and stress over it, and of course, you have very few places where you can be a child about it, right? You can’t be a child at school, can you? If they saw you pee your pants, you might be made fun of and the very least, you’d be humiliated, wouldn’t you?”

Miho nodded.

“You are too ashamed to act like a child in front of your parents because you want them to be proud of you, and if your little sister saw, then it would cause you to be ashamed, wouldn’t it?”

Miho nodded. All of that was true.

“Well, you know I took care of you and helped you the first time. I think the first time was really just an accident like you said, but I also think that when you started to think about how I didn’t get mad and you didn’t feel so bad wetting your pants in front of me, well, do you feel a little bit safe wetting your pants in front of me?”

“I… I feel embarrassed.”

“Of course you are embarrassed. You are still eighteen years old, so of course you are embarrassed to wet your pants. But are you scared that I’m going to hurt you or tell people that you pee yourself or make fun of you?”

Miho shook her head.

“You feel safe in front of me because you know I don’t want to hurt you, and you know that what you do in front of me is just between us unless I think you are really sick, right?”

Miho nodded.

“That’s probably why you were comfortable wetting your pants this time, honey. You were hoping I’d be as nice as I was the first time, and you hoped I’d treat you like a child so you can relieve some of the stress that you can’t on a regular day.”

Miho smiled a little more as he explained this.

“I think I need to hold you a bit more and treat you a little more like a child. Maybe if I show you that you are safe here, and that I’ll let you be a little girl in front of me, maybe the wetting will stop.”

Miho saw no problem with that plan. Even if it didn’t stop her wetting herself, she would be no worse off, and she did feel a lot better after he hugged and held her whether she was wet or not. She nodded.

The teacher kept her in his lap for a bit while he continued with the lesson periodically feeling her sweats on the bottom to see if she was wetting again or not. She knew he was checking her, and his touch was not making her feel naughty at all. It didn’t give her the same pleasure her boyfriend gave her either, so she was sure he was just treating her like a little kid and checking her, and that made her feel really warm in her heart and very safe in his arms.

After a little while, he finally let her sit back in the chair again.

Just as the clock said that it was time for the lesson to end, and he had finished his lesson with her, he guided her up and he felt under her pants again and in her crotch, but she was dry. Once again, his touch didn’t rub her the wrong way or make her feel excited. It just reminded her of being a really small girl and her mom sometimes worried that she had had an accident on a really long trip when she had been whining to use the bathroom, but she never did pee her pants.

He then hugged her and then he slid down her sweats exposing her dry panties he had put on her.

“Keep those panties on,” he told her. “They are clean and your wet panties will likely make trouble for your privates.”

Miho nodded.

He then pulled up her skirt. “There you are.”

“I need my nylon pantyhose,” she said. “My dad will know if I don’t wear it.”

“Honey, they are still wet.”

“I know, but I have to wear it, or dad will know. Please.”

“Okay,” he gave in after looking at her for several minutes. “I guess it can’t be helped, but don’t sit on your skirt or you’ll get it wet, honey. And you need to put something down between you and the seat or your car seat will get wet.”

“I can sit on my bag,” she said.

He nodded.

And then she was heading home after another hug in which she once again, rather shyly and embarrassed, thanked him for taking care of her.

Back to Present Day Scene

Miho wished so much that her teacher was there right then to help her. She felt like it would be so much easier to go through with her plan if he were there to comfort her and help her. She so much craved for his tender voice, his gentle hands, and his comforting lap to hold her. She felt her head giving way to lazy non-thinking buzzing. This was so hard!

Miho sat on the toilet staring down at her still pulled up sleeping sweats trying to relax her bladder.

The Plan starts to form

The last week of January, Miho had been absent from her private English class because she had had the flu. No matter how sick she was with the flu, however, she had not wet herself neither in her sleep nor even from being so weak she didn’t want to move from the comfortable blankets around her in the living room watching television. She always got herself to the bathroom, so it was definite that whatever was happening in English classes was not due to being sick or having her body act out of some bladder or kidney problem.

There was a very big worry on her mind on that Thursday though she had already missed the week at school because the doctor told her that she wouldn’t leave the house. If the English teacher thought she was skipping class, he could call her dad and tell him what was going on in English. She really hoped her teacher would understand her having the flu.

She held her stomach and she turned to see her dad come in from work.

“Dad?” she looked at him looking like a lost puppy. “I have to go to English class today.”

“No,” he said sternly. “Not like that you don’t. I’ll go have a talk with your teacher and get you a makeup lesson, okay?”

Miho was nervous that that would give her teacher a chance to tell him what was going on, but when her dad came home later, he said nothing about her problems in English, so she assumed the teacher must have understood her having the flu.

The next week, she went to English class as usual, this time, because she was no longer going to school, she was wearing some dark blue jeans and a purple sweater.

When she came up to the room, the teacher was already waiting for her and she didn’t see the junior high school girl at all. She was several minutes early, and then the teacher explained.

“The junior high school girl had the flu today,” he told her. “How about you? Are you feeling better?”

Miho smiled and nodded. “I feel much better thank you.”

He led her into the classroom, and he first put her in his lap before letting her sit on the chair.

“I’ve done a little research on the internet about your problem,” the teacher told her. “The thing is, I haven’t been able to find a physical reason for it. There is something call overflow incontinence, but if you had that, you would be wet in more places than just my class.”

Miho nodded. She had been looking up her problems on the internet in her spare time as well. “I know. I tried to look for why it was happen too, but I don’t find anything, too.”

“The only thing that leaves, honey, is stress,” the teacher told her. “Stress is very strange, and doctors can’t really pinpoint it perfectly because it affects people differently, but it seems like maybe we were on to something about this being the only safe place for you to be like a little girl. Maybe you need to be babied a bit and treated like a little girl.”

Miho looked into his caring eyes, and while she wasn’t sure if that was the answer or not, she did feel a lot better when he held her. Even now, she had been rather easy to guide directly into his lap as he held her, and she felt her heart get really warm. She sort of wished her parents could hold her in their laps again like this, and wouldn’t think it to be weird, but she knew that would never happen. Besides, even if her parents were okay with it, how would she explain to her little sister that she wanted her dad to hold her like this?

It was not going to happen at home!

The two of them agreed that maybe she needed to be a little girl, so he turned her to him, her legs dangled on each side of his as she faced him in his lap, and he looked deep into her eyes as he asked her.

“Are you okay with being my little girl for now, when we have lessons?” he asked her.

She smiled shyly and nodded. It was more than okay. She really wanted it. He was right. She did need this a lot more than she knew, and she really enjoyed being in his lap.

He started to go through the conversation with her in his lap, and she answered the questions and talked with him very contently until they came to the pronunciation where he finally put her in the seat for a bit. He went through the words, and then he went through the phrases.

Once they were done with that, but before he went into the meat of the lesson, he asked her if she brought some extra clothes with her.

She nodded. She reached into her bag and pulled out some sweats and a pair of panties.

“You need to go ahead and change because you will probably wet your pants before we get too far into this part of the lesson. This is usually when you pee your pants, honey.”

“Can I go in the bathroom?”

“Are you a little girl?” he asked her.

She nodded her head.

“If you are a little girl, you should let your teacher take care of you. If you are not a little girl, then you really shouldn’t wet your pants.”

“I’m a little girl,” she said.

“Then let me help you. I won’t look at your privates,” he promised. Then he got her a blanket and put it around her waist.

“See? I’ll pull down your pants like before, but you will have something to cover yourself so you don’t have to have your privates stared at, okay?”

Miho nodded and let him unzip her jeans and then pull her pants down. He got her pants down, and then he wrapped the blanket around her as he took off her panties. He put on her clean panties and her sleeping sweats this time, and she felt a lot better having her own clothes on. She would feel awful if she wet his clothes he bought, and she really did like the idea that she wouldn’t wet her jeans.

This time, however, things were going to be the worst they had ever been for her.

She started out okay answering his questions and getting into the main lesson, when she suddenly felt some wet under her, and she blushed. She scooted a bit to wait for him to get to a pausing point, and then she interrupted him.

“Excuse me,” she said. “I wet my pants.”

“You did?” he asked not surprised at all this time nor looking upset at all. “Let me see, okay?”

She spread her legs and let him feel her sleeping sweats up under her bottom and around her crotch.

“You’re not that wet, yet,” he told her. “Don’t you still have to go?”

“I don’t think so,” she said. “My sweats are wet on the bottom.”

“Stand up,” he said helping her up and feeling the back of her pants, his hand resting on her wet butt.

“Yeah, you are wet, but you didn’t really wet that much this time. Do you want to try to go in the bathroom?”

“I don’t feel anything,” Miho insisted. “I can go bathroom, but I don’t think it pee comes out.”

“Alright, honey. Let’s get your sweats off because they are going to feel cold and wet pretty soon, right?”

“Yeah, they feel cold now.”

He pulled down her sweats and her panties, and he this time, he saw her privates which she immediately covered with her hands.

“It’s okay,” he told her. “But why don’t we go ahead and wash your privates, okay?”

She nodded and walked with him to the hall where the sink was and let him give her a towel wet with water and soap. She washed over herself like before and then he took her back to the classroom and put a pair of panties on her that were clean.

He hang her sleeping sweats up by the heater to dry, and while she was just in panties, he covered her legs with a blanket and then continued with the lesson for a few minutes. After some time, he felt her panties again to make sure, but she was still dry.

“Okay,” he said. “You really didn’t seem like you peed that much a bit earlier, but class is almost over now, so I think we can put your jeans back on, okay?”

Miho nodded feeling glad that she would put her jeans back on. It was kind of weird being taught while only wearing panties even if she had a blanket to cover herself.

Miho was able to get her wet sweats and panties into her bag with the dry side showing so no one knew she had wet her pants if they looked in her bag, and she was out the door feeling okay about it all. She even liked the way the teacher always took care of her.

At the beginning of the lesson, they had arranged for her to have a lesson on a Saturday afternoon from three to five though it was only supposed to be ninety minutes, he had asked her to plan for two hours just in case she needed extra time from wetting her pants.

That Saturday had rolled around, and she seemed to be his only student from the looks of the quiet balcony path from the stairs to his teaching apartment.

Miho walked to the door and knocked and it was immediately opened by her teacher dressed in black trousers and a red winter plaid shirt. He smiled and let her in.

Miho was wearing dark jeans again and a Hello Kitty green shirt with the white cat waving hello on the front.

He walked her into the class, and put her in his lap for a minute and hugged her making her feel really loved, for there was no other word for it. It wasn’t a romantic love that she expected from her boyfriend, but rather a feeling more like from what she should feel if she was a little girl and her grandfather had let her sit in his lap.

She sat there, and he started the questions. They talked for about five minutes or so when he finally let her up and put her in the chair, but to her great disappointment and great surprise, this time, it wasn’t a gradual wetting that she couldn’t explain, but rather, the minute he let her sit down on her own, she poured pee into her pants all over! She had no idea where it came from for her bladder had not complained once, and she had used the bathroom before leaving home! But here she was in soaked jeans, sitting in the chair, feeling really embarrassed. She tapped the teacher on the arm to get his attention from the lesson.

“I’m sorry,” she said very embarrassed and red in the face. “I wet my pants.”

“Just now?” he asked her a little surprised at how early she had wet herself. The lesson was barely ten minutes in.

Miho could only swallow and nod.

“It’s okay, baby,” he said as he felt down by her crotch and under her bottom for how wet she was. She was pretty wet.

“Okay, stand up,” he ordered her.

She stood up.

“Are you a little girl?” he asked her.

“Yes, I’m little girl. You take care to me?”

He nodded and started to unbutton her pants, by now, she was used to it and let him not only unbutton and unzip her, but pull her pants and her panties down together revealing her privates.

“You’re really wet,” he told her. “Stay here a minute, and I’ll get you something to clean yourself up, okay?”

She nodded, but now she was nervous. These jeans were meant to be worn when she left the classroom because she was scared her dad will know if she wore her sleeping sweats out.

The teacher went and got the towel wet with soap and water again, and this time, when he returned, and she reached for the towel, he shook his head at her.

“You’re a little girl,” he told her.

She nodded.

“And you wet really bad, honey.”

She nodded.

“Let me. I promise, I won’t touch you in a bad way. You can trust me, can’t you?”

Miho nodded and let him run the towel over her privates. Then he reached it up under her and got between her legs and then wiped off her bottom good. He whispered to her as he cleaned her.

“Honey, you don’t want to get an infection or a rash down there.”

“What mean infection?” she asked.

“I mean,” he said as he wiped under between her legs. “That if you wear wet panties a long time and don’t clean the pee from your privates, it might end up inside you causing bacteria which will make you really sick.”

“Oh,” she said though she didn’t know the meaning of bacteria, because of the way he talked, she could imagine what he was talking about. She certainly didn’t want that! “No, I don’t want to be sick.”

“So, I’m sorry, but I really think I should clean you when you wet your pants. The last times I let you, you seemed too nervous to do a good job.”

She looked blankly at him for she wasn’t really sure what he had just said.

“The last time you wiped, you didn’t do very good,” he told her. “If I let you do that like that every time you pee, you will get sick.”

“Thank you,” was all she could whisper as he continued to clean her up and get her started into some clean panties.

Once she was in her clean sweats, he took her jeans and put them up by the heater to try to dry them out.

“You have to wear these pants back out to your dad, right?” he asked her as he put her pants up for her and then also lay out her panties to dry.

“Yes,” she said.

“Okay, hopefully, they’ll be dry, but I’m not sure you are done wetting,” he told her. I knew you wanted out of them quickly instead of wetting them completely. Do you want to try to use the bathroom now?”

She shook her head no. “I don’t feel anything,” she said truthfully.

He nodded and slipped her sleeping sweats up on her and let her sit down again once he had cleaned off the seat.

It wasn’t even half an hour later, when she started to feel more pee in her pants again. She blushed as the lesson continued too embarrassed to admit she was wetting for the second time especially after she had refused to use the bathroom.

After some time, though, the pee seemed to have stopped coming out, and she felt a little too cold and uncomfortable the way she was thought she was all too aware she had no more change of clothes. Still, she whispered towards him as he seemed to stop as though noticing something was wrong.

“I wet my pants,” she said.

“Again?” he asked her.

She nodded.

“I’m not surprised,” he said. “Your jeans weren’t really that wet so I was sure you still must have to go, honey. Didn’t you feel it at all?”

She shook her head. “I know it until I feel wet pants.”

He nodded and felt her sweats. They were just soaked this time, so he knew she must be finished. He pulled down her sweats and her panties.

“What do I going to wear?” she asked so nervous that she wasn’t concentrating on her English properly.

“Remember the pink sweats I put on you before?” he asked her. “I have another pair of panties you can wear, too, honey.”

She nodded and let him pull down her pants and panties completely off of her not caring about her privates. He had already seen them. He took her back to the sink and toweled her off again, and then he put her in some clean panties and the pink sweats he had for her.

“Thank you so much,” she whispered at him as he helped her again.

“You are very welcome,” the teacher said. “You are my student, and we have both agreed you are a little girl, so you need a lot of help. A teacher is supposed to help his student especially if she is a little girl, okay?”

“Okay,” Miho said glad that she had agreed to be a little girl for all of this. “Next time I come English, can I change in bathroom immediately so I don’t wet my pants my dad will see?”

“Of course, honey,” the teacher said. “As long as you do as I say, I will take care of you the best I can, and I will pay attention to what you need, too, okay?”

Miho nodded.

“I’ll check your jeans when it gets close to time, and if they are still wet, then you can stay another thirty minutes, right?”

Miho nodded her head.

He pulled her into his lap after having her dressed again, and he rocked her.

“It’s okay, you go ahead and wet your pants when you come here, honey. That’s what you need, okay?”

“Okay,” she agreed.

“I also have been thinking about the problem, and I’m worried about you going to college, honey. You are not going to be taking my lessons after the end of the month, are you?”

She shook her head sadly.

“So, you are not going to have anywhere you can relieve this child stress you have, and that might make you pee your pants in classes at college since you still don’t know what to expect. Do you want your classmates to see you pee your pants, honey?”

“No,” she said her head lowering to her lap.

“I don’t want that either because it will make going to college really hard for you. College should be exciting and fun, and I don’t want to ruin that for you. So, do you think you can listen to my suggestion?” he asked her.

Miho nodded ready to listen.

“I think you need to do consider doing something to control the problem and maybe hide the problem from your classmates, at least for the first two weeks until we are sure you won’t have a problem at school,” he told her.

“What do you mean?” she asked though she sort of though she knew where this might be leading.

“Well, I really think you should see someone you can trust to help you be a little girl who you feel comfortable with at least once or twice a month, but I know it might not be easy for you to come to my class. So apart from that, there are two things you can try.”

“Yeah?” she said more than enthused about hearing his opinion because he had done nothing but help her through her wetting and all his advice so far kept her parents from knowing she had been wetting her pants in his classes.

“I think you should consider wearing diapers to class for the first couple of weeks.”

“What do you mean, diapers?” she asked not sure of what that word meant.

“Omutsu,” he said in Japanese. “There are two kinds, and you can choose, but I think the tape on type, that you have to put on with tapes will hold more if you pee, and if you do that, you can put the diaper behind the toilet if you use it. No one will know whose diaper it was when they clean the bathroom at the school building.”

That did make sense to her.

“And if you wet your pants after the first time, you should bring some spare pull ups with you because they will be easier to put back on after you use the bathroom whether you have to change your other diaper because it is wet or just because it is too loose to put on after you had to pull it down to use the toilet.”

Miho thought that made sense, too. She nodded.

“Finally, you really don’t want to wet your pants, even if you wear a diaper for a couple of weeks, at least not in front of your classmates or other people, right?”

Miho nodded. She really didn’t want that.

“Well, I think controlled wetting in your pants once or twice a week, even on purpose, might help you be a little girl when you need to, and if you are in an apartment by yourself… are you?”

Miho nodded. “Yes, only I live that apartment.”

“Well, if you can wet your pants late on Thursday night and once other in the week, then you might not wet your pants at school or in public. The only problem is you’ll have to learn to clean it up yourself since I won’t be there to clean it up for you then, though. Here, I clean it up. But since I won’t be there to help you, you will have to change yourself, clean yourself and clean up after yourself, okay?”

Miho nodded. It had all made sense when he said it. And she was wetting her pants in front of her English teacher. If she had a chance to wet her pants at home without her parents or sister finding out, she knew she would have rather done that than do it in front of her cool English teacher, but at least he was nice about it.

Miho decided that everything he said not only made sense, but everything else he told her had always helped her. It was his idea she bring her extra pants, and it was definitely helping her to hide her wetting from her parents. It was his idea for her to come out of class late when her pants needed to dry, and her parents had not caught her wet even once. She smiled.

“I will do everything you say,” she said making a promise.

“I know this is hard,” he told her. “But I really think the thing that will help you most, is having a chance to wet your pants in private, so even if you need to do it on purpose, you should purposely pee your pants twice a week.”

She smiled and nodded.

“Do you understand what on purpose means?”

“Moteki,” she answered.

“Yes,” he said. “It means even though you feel it needs to come and you can make it to the bathroom, you just go in your pants instead of the toilet, or maybe you can go in the bathroom to make the mess less, and sit on the toilet but pee through your clothes.”

Miho nodded.

Present Day:

And so here she was, sitting on the toilet, trying to pee her pants on purpose because her English teacher had advised it as well as wearing diapers for the first couple of weeks at college, and she trusted him so much, that she was actually willing to do this.

Eventually, she felt the pee coming out in little drizzles for her bladder muscles and her brain still didn’t seem to want to just release it through her pants for it was against all her growing up training to do this. Yes, even as she felt the warmth grow around her bottom, she was greatly reminded of being with her English teacher, and admitting to him that she had wet her pants. She even said it out loud.

“I’m wet my pants,” she said even as she felt herself still going. Then she imagined him checking her pants as she felt her own pants by herself to see how wet she was. She finally stood up from the toilet leaking a bit more down her legs of her sweats, and she closed her eyes imagining her teacher standing there, pulling her towards him, and trying to comfort her and tell her that this is the right thing to do to keep her mind and her body from embarrassing herself in front of the whole school. She soon found herself slowly slipping her sweats off, but all the while, she imagined her teacher doing it for her, and then she had her pants around her ankles and she opened her eyes and smiled. She had gone through with it. It wasn’t the same, exactly as with the teacher there to take care of her, but it was a little relieving to feel small for a moment and let herself pee like that. She climbed in the shower and rinsed herself off before starting to shower off the piss from her body.

*001*2017-02-12 12:58

This is part two of the likely finished story. What do you think? I hope it doesn't turn anyone wrong. By the way, there is one pooping scene in this one, but it is subtitled Last Lesson by her Private English Teacher near the end, so if you are offended by messing her panties, you can skip that part and just read the last section from where the next subtitle starts. The rest of the experience is rather tame, and all characters are 18 and older and sexual fulfilment are are at a minimum for this story at this time. This is a lot more about feeling like a little girl than being sexual.

I know the first part is still pending, but since I finished this part, I figured I might as well get a moderator to field the whole story at once, if they have time.

Starting Classes at College

It was Monday morning, the first classes of April for the Japanese school year starts in April, and there is really only one season when applications are admitted. If you don’t make the first cut, you have to wait a year to try again, not a semester.

Miho Watanabe had not only been successful in getting in at the all English speaking college, but she had been chosen in the very early process for there are three steps to colleges accepting students. The first is through an interview and early testing usually reserved for the best students to guarantee a spot on campus before the doors are thrown open to the masses. The second step usually has to do with the center testing scores that are set up through a central testing program by the Japanese government, and the third and final chance to get in for the year is set up for colleges to finish trying to fill its quota of students to get as much income for the year as possible by finally allowing the lowest level of students it is willing to accept through a third testing cycle that comes around the month of March.

Miho was up in her sleeping sweatpants and her black shirt looking at the paper as she ate her bread covered in a chocolate cream that resembled the spread of American peanut butter. She also had a bowl of soup before her and some hot tea for breakfast.

Miho thought about what she had done the last week, and as she thought about it, she realized that it was not really so bad. And if it saved her from indignity in class, then it was well worth it. But if the plan to preserve her pride was to fully be realized, then she also had to take a precaution just in case her little private adventure was not enough to elevate her fears and stress.

She finished her cup of tea and her bread and she walked to her bedroom and dug through her closet where she had hidden a large box of twenty-four diapers her size, pull up style and a large box of fifty-four tape up style diapers also her size.

She stared at the diapers for a moment or two as though trying to come to terms with what she was about to do. It was so hard to purposely pee her pants a few days ago in the bathroom, but when she had finished doing it, and she had imagined for just a few seconds, that her English teacher was right there babying her, it had been well worth it. She felt emboldened and ready to go on. So, she started to pull the tape on package apart to open it, and she reached in and fished out a diaper. She smiled at it for a moment. Of course, it would mean she couldn’t wear her usual sexy panties for a while because she needed to hide this garment, and she also needed to be more careful of what skirts or pants she wore, but the humiliation of everyone seeing her with a soaked butt was probably a lot worse than a little inconvenience of not wearing her favorite outfits.

She swallowed and she slipped the diaper on the bed and between her legs and pulled it straight hoping to get it right the first time. Then she started to pull the sides of the diaper over making sure it was right before she started to strap on the tapes. She did a pretty good job of diapering herself especially since this was the first time, and when she stood up, it felt snug and it seemed to fit her right. She then put on a long skirt over it to hide it and wore a white sweater over a striped shirt. Her long skirt was a jean-blue that came to her knees. It wasn’t really a bad look. It sort of looked professional.

With a bit of a smile, she went into the bathroom and started to fix her hair. She was almost ready to go, and then she would have to head off to college. It would take her about fifteen minutes by bicycle to get to the classes from her apartment.

April in Japan was almost as unpredictable as winter was. It would be cool one day and very hot the next day with the nights always cooling down by after midnight. She now felt the gray cloudy sky’s coolness against her white thin tights as she cycled through the area of town she had to get through to get to her school.

A lot of eighteen year olds were going to driving school the month before they started college, but some students like Miho, who went to colleges in larger cities, often put it off until the summer month they had off.

She got to the bicycle parking for the building for her first class, and she parked her bicycle and went on into the building. The nearby clock said that it was just about 7:40 so she had about twenty minutes before her first class, English, started.

As was the plan, in her bag that she carried, there were three pullup diapers for just in case she needed them, and it was certain she would need at least one, because even if she didn’t wet the tape on, when she did eventually go to the bathroom, she would have to take it off, and it wouldn’t likely go on the right way afterwards, and she didn’t feel confident to use just panties just on her first day of school. Her private English teacher had warned her that while she could certainly try, if she had a problem there, it was going to be hard to erase that from everyone’s memory and she could only imagine how true that would be.

Back to the second to the last day of the English teacher’s class:

Miho had come to class and just as the teacher had promised, he led her straight into the bathroom first thing, but not before grabbing her hand to follow him as he went to get her a pair of panties from the closet.

“You don’t want to wet your own panties,” he told her. “And since we are pretty sure you are going to wet your pants which is why you are changing right away,” for she had wet herself very early in the lesson before and had asked for this, “I figured we should go ahead and start the little girl treatment if that is okay with you.”

“Yeah, it’s okay with me,” Miho said smiling. She really liked it when he treated her like a little girl.

“Then let me,” he said directing her into the bathroom. She let him take her in, and he pulled down her pants for her and helped her overalls off for she had worn them again, and he pulled off her panties and checked them for pee. There was none yet.

He then pulled up the clean panties he had for her and he helped her put on her sleeping sweats that she always took to wear for his classes. He then smiled at her as he folded up her panties and her overalls and put them back in her bag.

“Thank you,” she said softly really feeling cared for as he helped her get dressed. He took her by the hand and led her to the classroom after getting her dressed, and then he put her in his lap first thing. She was really glad that he did that. She didn’t want to sit down on the chair just yet because somehow, she always associated sitting by herself with wetting her pants.

He then started to talk to her while she was in his lap as though it was normal to do so.

Back to Present Day

Miho walked through the building of her English class and found the right room after a few minutes of searching. She still had about three minutes left before the day started, so she took a seat in the room, a few other students having already filtered in.

She sat about middle row so as not to draw too much attention to herself, but also not in the back because she was really interested in this class, and didn’t want to be distracted by those that were only in the class to fill some requirement or other.

The class was supposed to last about ninety minutes according to the schedule, and so Miho sat in and smiled at having been taught by her private English teacher. His lessons were ninety minutes, and he had told her that it was likely her classes would be about ninety minutes at university. He was right yet again.

She closed her eyes and thought back to that scene where he was talking to her about her options and checking with her that she intended to follow his advice when she went away to college for it seemed the way he talked that he really thought he was helping her.

The second to the last lesson—the predicted incident

The teacher still had her in his lap as they talked about some topic that circled around her school life, what she planned to do in the future and about her boyfriend situation. Yes, she did have a boyfriend, whom actually came with her to college.

As they talked, Miho felt every much as like a little girl as an eighteen year old senior could feel, or actually, a girl that had actually just finished high school, for she had no more classes, but she was not yet technically graduated for she still didn’t have her papers yet. They were due to come in a couple weeks or so, on March first.

“You are a good girl,” the teacher told her with a smile. “I’m going to miss my best student because even though you’ve had trouble keeping your pants dry, I know that at least in part it was because you were studying really hard and trying to understand what is going on in the class. I wish more students were as polite and good students as you are.”

Miho felt herself blush but his praise really raised her spirits and she even sort of found herself wanting to have an accident because it seemed that he equated her accidents to her concentrating really hard on the lesson and that being the cause of her not noticing she had to pee or at least a part of the reason.

She was finally let up from his lap as he started to switch the slide to pronunciation, and he put her down in the chair. To her disbelief, though she sat in his lap comfortably with no warning from her bladder at her, once he placed her on the chair, she started to pee so forcefully in her pants, she heard the hissing from under her and felt the liquid running all over the chair under her bottom and around her legs of her sleeping sweats. The purple sweats had to be just dark in the back, probably looking nearly black at how much she had just peed.

She let the teacher explain the first word not wanting to interrupt him, but once he had started to get her to repeat the second word, she looked up at him, and she started in her normal shy embarrassed way to excuse herself for having to interrupt him.

“Excuse me,” she whispered. “I wet my pants.”

“Just now?” he asked her almost as surprised as she was for she could hear it in the way he raised his voice and then he quickly changed his features to those of softness as he approached her to comfort her as he checked her like he always did.

“I wet my pants,” she repeated starting to stand up, but he gently had her sit back down.

“Last time, you wet your pants,” he reminded her, “we changed you too early and you peed again,” he told her. “Try to finish in your pants and I’ll change you, okay?”

Miho nodded and sat back down to do as he said. She really didn’t know how to make herself pee because it was a surprise every time she peed her pants anyway. It wasn’t like her bladder felt full or anything.

The teacher hovered over her and put an arm around her hugging her towards him as he made her sit there. As she sat, she did feel some leaking through her panties and getting her more and more wet and though it didn’t feel like it came from her privates, she knew that there was only one place it could come from for she was the only one to sit in the chair, so she waited until the fluid seemed to settle and stop wetting her sleeping sweats so much.

Finally, he put a hand in front of her and touched her front of her sweats and then between her legs to get a sense of how wet she was. He then had her stand up, and he pulled her towards him as he backed to his own chair and he put both his hands on her wet butt, one of his hands running down the left leg of her sweats which was soaked in pee from it pouring out.

“You wet really bad this time,” he said. “It feels like you just flooded yourself in a matter of moments.”

Miho nodded. That’s what it felt like to her, too.

“It’s okay,” he told her. “We expected you to pee your pants,” he reminded her. “Remember, last week? You asked if we could get you into your pajama pants right away because you peed your pants in your seat a little sooner than we expected?”

Miho nodded. This was definitely becoming more of a habit and it was happening earlier and earlier in his lessons now.

“It’s okay, baby. But remember, you are a little girl when you wet your pants, right?”

Miho nodded.

“So you do as you are told and you let me clean you up so you don’t get sick?”

She nodded.

The teacher nudged her gently back so he could get up and he went to the closet to get her a pair of panties and some pink sweats. Then he went to the entrance way sink and wet a towel with soap. He went back to her and pulled her closer to him pulling her pants down.

She still felt a little shy at him looking at her privates, but he smiled and shook his head at her.

“What are you hiding?” he asked her. “I’ve already seen your privates, and we need to clean you up so you don’t get sick, honey.”

She nodded realizing he was right. He had seen her privates the week before, and he had seen her privates in the bathroom when he changed her panties for her before putting her in her pajama pants. He had even checked her panties to make sure they weren’t wet and he made sure when he saw something in them, but she assured him it was just girl stuff and not pee.

He believed her and went on with putting her sleeping sweats on her at the time, and he even took off her sweater telling her that if she wet herself, her sweater was a bit long and might get wet. It seemed to be true, but that left her in an almost exposed shirt except he had the pink sweatshirt that went with the pink sweat pants and he slipped that on her before he started the lesson to make her warm. Her chest was never exposed in front of him, but either way, she felt better having the pink sweatshirt on.

He went to the sink as before and he wet a towel with soap and water and brought it back to clean her up. He now held her legs apart so he could clean up her privates, between her legs, and her bottom even wiping the crack of it this time. The whole time he wiped her and took care of her wet skin, he did nothing to make her feel naughty or like her boyfriend might have done if he had wiped her. It was really like she was a little girl and he really was just cleaning her up after wetting her pants.

Miho completely trusted him as he pulled up her shirt some so he could get her panties in place and then he put her in the pink sweats.

“Is that better?” he had asked her.

“Thank you,” she responded as weakly as always and yet as grateful and sincerely as always. “You best teacher to take care me. Thank you so much that thing.”

“You are very welcome,” he said smiling. “I like taking care of my little student girl.”

She smiled and nodded.

He then pulled her into his lap which she didn’t mind at all. Somehow, being in his lap never made her pee her pants like sitting on the chair. She sat there the rest of the lesson in his lap, partly because when he started to move her to let her sit on her own, she sort of started to fight it, and the teacher figured out that she wanted to be in his lap.

Miho smiled when he asked her why she didn’t want to sit in the chair.

“I just always wet my pants in the chair, but you hold me, and it doesn’t come out. I feel more like I don’t pee my pants if you hold me.”

He nodded. “You are going to have to sit in college though, aren’t you?” he asked her.

She nodded.

“Are you going to do anything I suggested to you to help you not embarrass yourself in college classes?” he asked her.

“Yes, I must do it. I wet my pants by on purpose two times a week, and I wear a diaper to class first two weeks to make sure I don’t wet my pants.”

“You don’t have to do it,” he told her. “There is no way I can check on you to make sure you do it, and even so, I have no power over whether you do. I am just suggesting it to help you, honey.”

“I know. I want to do it so I don’t get trouble at school, so I do it. I promise. I trust you because you never make it so my parents know I wet my pants, and I know it because you show me how to hide it by changing my pants for me, and have me wear my sleeping sweats in class so I can keep my pants dry.”

He smiled at her and he eventually encouraged her to sit in the seat and she did go through the rest of the lesson without wetting herself though he did keep checking her pants under her bottom and even a couple of times, he felt inside the pink sweats to see if her panties were wet. She didn’t stop him because though she didn’t feel wet, she remembered that the first time she had wet, she had not noticed it either until he brought it to her attention.

Miho was about to go for the day when he stopped her once more, after having changed her back into her overalls and her sweater so her dad wouldn’t know she had been changed and had peed her pants in class. And he whispered to her at the door.

“Remember,” he told her. “While you are at home, you need to try to keep form wetting your pants, so you can plan on peeing your pants in my class next week. Just bring something to change into so you can wet your pants, okay?”

She nodded.

“You are going to only have one more lesson with me, so when you get settled at college, if you trust me, then you should wear a diaper to your classes for the first couple of weeks and pee your pants on purpose maybe in your bathroom late at night twice a week and pretend I’m there comforting you. That will help with your feeling of stress until you really see that college is not that hard and that it isn’t going to be so bad, okay?”

Miho nodded. It made sense, and she did plan on doing that.

“I also really suggest that if you possible can at all, even if just once a month, you should try to get back home to your parents for morale support, and you should come to my class so you can have someone to take care of you so you can wet your pants without feeling stress over it.”

“I see if I can do that,” she said really liking the idea of continuing to see her private English teacher. She really didn’t care about him teaching her English once she got into college, but she did like the idea that he can make her feel relaxed and not have the responsibility of being an adult for about ninety minutes.

Then she left his class to go home.

Back in the College English Class

Just like her junior high school teachers and her high school teachers, Miho felt like these teachers were teaching according to what the Japanese ministry said that English was, and she seriously doubted that any of them used the language in their everyday life. The teacher at the front was using some very simple English to get a conversation started, but his English felt forced and unnatural somehow. He seemed to make her think of the way that people taught her grammar, and she really didn’t like it at all. Still, she had to plow through it because if this English was really bad, then the rest of her college experience was likely to be worse as far as English use.

Miho took some notes throughout the lesson the best she could and eventually, she did realize that the teacher did at least make sense and did sound somewhat fluent as the lesson went on. It seemed he was just maybe starting out slow for the students who were not yet used to the system of speaking mostly in English.

As the class went on, Miho started to feel her bladder filling. She looked up at the clock. Now, in Japan, it was a right to use the toilet, and she had no doubt the teacher would let her go without being too mad, but her English teacher had said something very real in one of their last lessons. He told her while he was sure the teacher would not keep her or get mad at her for using the bathroom, he was also not likely to halt class for her or go back over whatever she missed, and she was eager to learn as much as she could.

Miho also knew that she had a diaper on, and while she really didn’t want to use it, she would also rather not miss any of this class, so she continued to try to hold it through the class though there was still over forty-five minutes left.

As she sat there listening to the teacher, she also thought about her private English teacher, and how he said that he was really proud of her ability to concentrate so much on the lesson that she would actually wet herself instead of interrupting the lesson except for the wetting getting too uncomfortable to go on.

She blushed at the thought she just had and looked back at the college instructor. He was nothing like her private English teacher though. He was wearing a professional suit that made him look a lot stricter and a lot less approachable. He went on with the lesson without concern for the way students might be interested or not. It was as it should be, the students’ choice to learn what he was saying, not his job to force it down their throats. With that in mind, she kept her bladder in check as naturally as she could as she listened to the teacher backed up by the fact she had a diaper on.

Two students had ducked out of the lesson, but the teacher shrugged at them and went on as if it was nothing. When the students came back, he didn’t pause for even a moment as he continued his lesson mostly a lecture at this point.

Miho was glad she had not left.

At the end of the lesson, there was about five minutes, so one of the boys that left raised a hand.

“Excuse me, sensei? Can you explain what you said just after we were looking at infinitives again?”

“Isn’t that when you and your friend ducked out of class?” the teacher asked them.

“Yes sir.”

“This is not high school, people. If you miss my instruction, I am not going to waste my time telling you again. If you can’t be bothered to stay in class and to come to class, I won’t be checking on you like you are children, but you will be expected to know the content for the test just the same, and since I will not be wasting my time if you miss my class, then you will have to get the material from another classmate.”

The boy frowned and lowered his hand.

Miho was even more glad she had decided to stay right there, but as she thought so, she also felt a familiar warmth and wetness around her bottom. She ran her hand under her skirt to make sure, but just as her private English teacher had told her, the tape on diaper would be less likely to leak if she got it on herself right, and no one would know she had peed herself.

When the sensei finally released them to go on to their next class, Miho stepped out and around the corner to the bathroom to get into a cubical where she removed her diaper. Yes, it was just soaked and she no longer needed to pee. She had wet herself in class. It was such a relief that she had not missed anything important, and that she had not been caught wetting her pants on top of it. She did like the private English teacher had instructed, and she took off her wet diaper and wrapped it up putting it behind the toilet so no one would know whose diaper it was. Then she reached into her bag and pulled out a clean pull up and slipped it up her legs.

“A pull up,” the private English teacher had instructed her “is not as good as a tape up, but easier to put on, so you will want to be more careful about wetting in it, making sure to do it on purpose and slowly so it doesn’t leak all over your seat in class.”

She frowned knowing that mean that if she had to go again in her classes, she would have to do it on purpose and as slowly as possible to keep it from leaking for she trusted her English teacher completely, the one that had taught her before college that is. He was right about her possibly wetting in class, and he was right about her needing to be treated like a little girl before going to college, and he had kept her parents from knowing about her multiple wetting panties incidents from January through February before she started college.

Miho slipped out of the bathroom and went down to her math class and then to her world history class. Though she was quite prepared, she had luckily had no more problems with getting to the bathroom until she got home that evening.

She pulled out her old English notebook, and he looked up her old English teacher’s number and she paused as she sat it on the kitchen table. She wanted to thank him again for helping her hide her accident that day, and for being right yet again. She also wanted to tell him he was right, that she did pee her pants in class that day and because she had a diaper on, no one caught her.

It was still a little too early to call him though. He would no doubt be in a class at the moment, so she went to see what she could make for supper while she waited for it to get near nine o’clock, the time he said it was probably okay for her to call him.

Miho ate her supper and then she checked her iphone for messages from her boyfriend and her parents. Her parents had just checked in with her and asked her to let them know if she needed something. Her boyfriend said that his classes went well the first day, and he already had a ton of homework to get started on.

Miho sighed and she texted her boyfriend.

@@she had texted him. [College is interesting, but it seems a little scarier than I first thought.]

@@her boyfriend texted her back. [But I don’t think it’s too bad.]

[I don’t either. It just seems really different from high school is all.]

[Yeah, it is,] her boyfriend agreed.

[Wait a minute,] Miho texted him and she looked at the messages on her line account to check for her parents. No, they still had not messaged her back since the last text. She then went back to talking to her boyfriend.

It seemed that Haruto was quite busy but happy with his classes, and he also couldn’t wait to see her that Friday night. She and Haruto had dated for a year, so she really thought he was nice and she sort of hoped that they would graduate together and then get married.

While she was texting with Haruto, at one point, her bladder let itself be known, and even though they were just texting, she was too embarrassed to continue afraid she would have an accident while talking, so she excused herself and signed off with him. Anyway, they both needed to get to their homework for the evening. Then she walked to the bathroom and pulled down her still dry pull up and used the toilet properly.

She sighed as she sat on the toilet thinking of her private English teacher again. She really wished he was closer and could come and comfort her. She wanted to be a child at the moment even if she didn’t wet her pants just then.

She finished on the toilet and after washing her hands went to start on her homework.

As she worked on her homework, she finally thought about the last lesson before starting college.

The last Lesson by her Private English Teacher

It was the last lesson before she would have to spend a month getting ready for her college life. The date was February 16, and the young girl was just entering the classroom entrance hall and seeing her teacher who already had a clean pair of panties in his hands which told her what was coming next. He had expected to change her like usual and treat her like a little girl, and she really looked forward to this. Actually, she hoped he would spend more time taking care of her than teaching her this time as it was their last lesson together.

Miho walked to the bathroom without any reservations at all this time and he let him lead her in and after locking the door behind them, she let him start to pull her jeans down for her and then her panties. He checked inside her panties in which there was a sanitary napkin because she had a period again, or actually, she was almost done with it again. There was just a little leakage of something brown on the napkin, but it wasn’t much.

“Are you almost done?” her teacher asked as he referenced the napkin.

Miho nodded. “I soon no period. Now, period panties and napkin is just for if I leak a little bit because still a little left.”

“Okay,” he said. “If we let you wear these period panties though, and you wet yourself, they are going to get soaked again, and might turn yellow if you wet them too much. You know?”

Miho nodded.

“So, can I put my panties on you instead for now?”

Miho nodded and he slid up some black form fitting panties on her that hugged her bottom and privates a bit closely.

“What about a napkin?” she asked him.

“No point,” he told her. “If you wet your pants, and if you are still on a period, the blood will come out anyway, honey.”

She looked at him for a minute and he explained again.

“If you wet your pants, sweetie, even with a pad on, it will just leak all over anyway. The pad isn’t going to help anything if you pee, so don’t worry about a pad, okay?”

She nodded.

He got her black form fitting panties on her which really did cover her really wet though and made her feel a little better about the idea that maybe it wouldn’t soak through her clothes, and then he didn’t put her sleeping sweats on her this time.

“You don’t want to get blood all over your sleeping sweats if you have a period and wet your pants, do you?” he asked her.

She shook her head no.

“So for now, I’m going to just let you go with just panties on for now. Once you pee your pants, then we’ll change your panties and put you in the sleeping sweats, okay?”

Miho nodded. That seemed like a better plan than getting her pajama bottoms all bloody on top of being peed in.

He walked her to the classroom, and he put her in his lap and rocked her for a minute.

“So are you ready to start college?” he asked her as he held her in his lap.

“Yes, I am ready a little bit,” she said smiling.

“You mean ‘kind of,” he told her. “The natural way to say we sort of feel something or we feel something a little bit, is to say we are kind of blah blah.”

“Okay,” Miho said appreciating this tidbit of information on natural English. It seemed her schooling once again missed something important about sounding natural in English.

They continued talking a little bit about this and a little bit about that. He didn’t seem to have the computer on at all at this point which was strange for he always used power point to teach her. Still, she didn’t mind it at all. She liked that it looked like they were just going to talk on that day.

As they talked for about ten minutes, and he held her in his lap rubbing her back with one of his hands while her legs dangled over either side of his legs so she could face him in his lap, she felt so comforted and little and she enjoyed this.

“So, what kind of things have you prepared for to go to college?” he asked her.

“I already know my schedule,” she told him. “My parents got me an apartment by myself, and we are setting up for me to start staying at the apartment from this Sunday which is why I don’t can come the last week of February,” she told him.

“That sounds good,” he told her. “You don’t yet have diapers, do you?”

“No. I get that after my parents don’t in my apartment because I don’t want them know it.”

“You don’t want them to know.”

“Yeah, I don’t want them to know,” she corrected her English as he had.

As they continued to talk about her college plans and everything, she felt him feel her bottom but she didn’t blame him. She had wet her pants the last couple of weeks before this time, so it was probably natural that he was worried she was going to wet on him, but even so, he didn’t try to force her off of his lap and she really didn’t want to get off yet. He had sweats on that he said he didn’t mind if she got wet, so she saw no reason to worry about wetting herself, and she had never wet her pants while in his lap, so she doubted she would wet her pants as long as he held her anyway.

Still, he kept his hand on her bottom and seemed to check her every few minutes for leaking which she sort of didn’t mind. She was eventually turned around though she faced away from him but still in his lap, and he turned the television to the drama for her hearing practice. She liked that drama too. It was really funny.

As they watched the drama together, he kept feeling her for wetness every few minutes and she knew it was probably because he was expecting her to wet her pants eventually. She had done it so many times already before.

Eventually, as the drama ended and he started to turn her again to face him, she did feel something inside that wanted to come out. She whispered in his ear. “May I go to the bathroom?”

“Really?” he asked her. “You really want to go to the bathroom now? After wetting your pants so many times until now?”

She blushed and nodded. “I don’t mind to just pee my pants,” she confessed. “If you wanted that, but I can’t go in my pants now. I have blood to come out, and I… I think I must um… wait a minute….”

Miho reached over and got her bag and pulled out her electronic dictionary, and then she blushed as she looked up at him. “I must do shit?” she said feeling embarrassed.

The teacher frowned which sort of told her that it was probably an improper word.

“We don’t usually say it like that unless we are dirty,” he told her. “It’s a little better if you just say you have to poop, honey.”

“Poop?”

He smiled and nodded. “You need to poop?”

“Yeah.” She blushed. Either way it was still embarrassing to have to tell him that she had to do that, but like she had said, if it was just pee, she would just go in her pants so he could treat her like a baby, but she really didn’t want that kind of mess in her panties.

“Let me check first,” he told her.

“I thought you were checking,” she said a little red.

“I was checking only for wetness,” he told her. “It would be a waste if you started towards the toilet and then poop went in your panties, wouldn’t it? You’d get it leaking down on the floor and make a bigger mess than just wetting your pants right here would do.”

“Oh, yeah.”

“Let me check you.”

She blushed and nodded let him push the back of her panties into her butt crack to feel around. He then smiled.

“It doesn’t look like it’s coming out, so let’s go ahead and take you, but don’t wet until we get in the bathroom, or I will be upset that you made the mess bigger than you needed to by telling me you want to go rather than just going in your pants like usual.”

Miho nodded and she let him take her by the hand. However, as they crossed the classroom threshold and entered the hall, she felt her bottom starting to puff and the gas in her stomach threatened to push either way. She held her front with both hands while she tried to squeeze her butt muscles closed to keep from pooping her pants.

Her teacher must have noticed she had stuttered in her following him, and he looked back at her.

“Are you about to wet your pants anyway?” he asked her.

She shook her head in disbelief hoping that wasn’t going to happen, and bent over, she tried to scramble to the toilet, but he grabbed her around her waist and he pulled her back and looked in her eyes.

“You’re about to go in your panties,” he told her.

She felt her face heat up and perspiration slid down her hairline to her face. She nodded.

“It’s okay,” he told her. Then he picked her up and carried her to the bathroom and put her down in front of it before opening it up. Then he walked her into the bathroom, lifted the lid and pushed her down on the toilet her panties still up.

“I….”

“I know,” her teacher said. “You are a little girl, and you need this. Just go, honey. I’m right here, and I’ll be cleaning you up. It’s okay.”

Miho looked up at him in surprise, but she knew how loved she felt when he took care of her. She started to pee in her panties because that was easy to do by now, but she really didn’t want to poop herself.

“After I pee my panties, can I poop with them down?” she asked him.

“We’ll see,” he said. “If your panties still don’t have any poop in them when you finish wetting, then I’ll lift you up and help you pull your panties down, but if you even start to open your butt, then I’m going to have to have you just finish in your panties, okay?”

“Okay,” she said not sure if she was going to be able to pee without pooping her panties. Still, she wanted to make him happy, and she really wanted him to take care of her like always, so she did want to pee her pants anyway.

After several minutes, maybe even ten minutes, she was rewarded with a warmth that spread from her crotch in her panties all over the back of them and a stream started to go through her panties into the toilet. She sat there peeing for a few minutes, because this was the first time she had done it on purpose. It wasn’t natural for her to just pee herself on purpose. But eventually, she neared to finishing, but as she did, she also felt her other hold starting to open and hurried to grab her hands under her butt to try to stop the poop from coming out.

“Are you starting to poop?” he asked her.

Miho blushed and shook her head in disbelief. “I don’t think so.”

He smiled and reached up under her pulling her hands back so he could reach up into her crack of her butt through her panties and feel her. He smiled when he finished checking, and he gently pushed her shoulders so she was forced to stay seated on the potty.

“You’re starting to poop,” he told her. “If we try to get you up and then down on the toilet, you are going to leak some out on the floor. I don’t want you getting it on the floor, honey.”

She nodded knowing he was right because she could feel her butt opening and the end of her cigar-shaped starting turd protruding out of her bottom.

“Go ahead and go, honey. I’m right here. Once you finish, I’ll clean you up, okay?”

Miho sighed and nodded. She knew that it was no use trying to argue with him with her so close to pooping. He was probably right. She was going to poop any minute anyway.

“Go ahead and push,” he told her. “Come on, honey.”

She nodded and tried to grunt.

It was just a small push, but it was enough and as soon as she did it, the whole mass of the first load started to bubble through her bottom and into her panties filling them. Another little push and a second wave of mess pushing over top the first one until her panties were so full it had no where to go but partly up her back and between her legs getting her pussy area a little dirty. She pushed a third time, and after a loud bout of several farts, she finally crinkled and popped the rest into her panties and now the bottom of her panties sagged as he held her off of the toilet.

“You finished?” he asked to make sure.

Miho nodded feeling really disgusting and a little sad that she had pooped her panties.

“It’s okay,” he told her. “Just obey me so we don’t make a bigger mess than necessary, okay?”

She nodded and she let him carefully pull down her panties the poop resting in the black form fitting panties nicely, and though her legs got a bit messy, he kept the stuff from leaking out of her panties legs by closing them off around her legs until they were off of her and then he closed them up under the rest of the garment.

There was a very bad mess of pee, blood and poop in her panties, but he didn’t even flinch at it as he emptied the mess into the toilet and flushed it down. Then he took some toilet paper and started to wipe her around her bottom first. He cleaned her up as good as he could around her back and then he cleaned up her middle and finally he cleaned up around her pussy with toilet tissue. Once he had most of solid mess off of her, he smiled at her.

“Stay here a minute. I need to wet a cloth to wipe you up better okay?”

Miho nodded and stood there half naked in the bathroom waiting for him. He went and wet and soaped up not one rag, but three, then he came back with a fourth and fifth dry one with him. Then he started to first, once again, wiping her bottom inside the crack cleaning her mess out of her butt until the towel came out clean. The water from the area of washing your hands in the toilet, he used to continually clean the towel so as to make sure he was wiping her with clean watered towel though the soap started to disappear. Then he used a second towel on the middle of her washing her good making sure the towel eventually came out poop free and then finally, he used the third wet towel to clean the front of her privates around her mound and then partly into the outer lips of her pussy to make sure no poop got stuck there.

Finally she was clean enough and he dried her off.

Again, though he was touching her in the most intimate places to clean her up, she didn’t even feel aroused by it at all, but rather, as though she was nine years old, and she had been found having had an accident in her pants, though unlike what she imagined her parents doing, scolding her the whole time, her teacher was really gentle and kept whispering that it was okay and that little girls sometimes had accidents and it was natural to sometimes wet or even to poop her panties.

When he finally had her all clean, he finally took her from the bathroom back to his classroom where he got her another pair of clean panties, these ones a little more normal and not the period panties he kept in her bag, and then he put her sleeping sweats on her after that.

Once she was dressed again, he put her back into his lap and he hugged her and they started to talk again, only this time, he started to talk about how she had wet and now pooped her panties because she really need to be a little girl.

“I know you need to be a little girl when you are on your own in your own apartment, too,” he told her. “But it will be a lot better for you if you keep the act of acting like a little girl to just wetting your pants. Cleaning up poop is a real chore and you don’t want to throw away all of your panties which you will have to do if you can’t get them clean, honey.”

Miho nodded. That made sense to her.

“You do need to pee your pants probably three times a week, when you are sure no one sees you,” he told her.

“I thought you said just once or two times,” she said feeling a little bit scared of doing it so often.

“That’s before today, when I found out you really need to poop yourself, but you can’t do that by yourself. If you poop your pants without someone to help you, you are going to have a hard time cleaning it up, and you are going to ruin all of your panties. It’s better to wet your pants more often than to poop them even once a month, honey, unless you have someone to clean you up.”

She nodded thinking that made sense, too.

“So, I think you better get used to wetting your pants in private and on purpose three times a week and wear diapers in classes and in public for a couple of weeks to make sure you have control. If you have control of your bladder, then you can stop wearing them after that, but if you don’t, then you should continue wearing them until you can stay dry for a week or two in a row.”

Miho nodded. “I do that because I know you care me and ask me to take care myself.”

He smiled. “That’s right. And again, you don’t have to. There is no way for me to know if you disobey me at college, and even if I did, I can’t do anything about it, but this is just to help make things better for you, honey.”

“I know.”

Back at College doing her homework:

Miho completed the last of her math homework and she pushed her book away at last. She thought again about her pre-college private English teacher, and she really felt like she wanted him there to comfort her. As her thoughts turned to the last time they had met, she sighed in contentment for a moment just before realizing that her bottom was getting soaked. She was peeing her pants right there at the table without him even there just because she thought about him. She felt her hand down by the front of her crotch and just under her and confirmed that it was puddled there, and her pants were drenched in pee. She smelled her hand like the first time he had made her see for herself what she had done, and she looked down. She had wet her pants completely enough though it was at home and in private. It still felt really naughty, and embarrassing, and the only good thing was that no one was there to see her do it. Then she looked up at the clock. It was almost nine now.

Miho, needing some real care, decided she was going to call her old English teacher. He promised to be there for her if she needed to talk, and right now, she needed to be comforted.

