A Confused little Girl Starts College

Author: Nao Izu

*001*2017-02-12 12:58

This is part two of the likely finished story. What do you think? I hope it doesn't turn anyone wrong. By the way, there is one pooping scene in this one, but it is subtitled Last Lesson by her Private English Teacher near the end, so if you are offended by messing her panties, you can skip that part and just read the last section from where the next subtitle starts. The rest of the experience is rather tame, and all characters are 18 and older and sexual fulfilment are are at a minimum for this story at this time. This is a lot more about feeling like a little girl than being sexual.

I know the first part is still pending, but since I finished this part, I figured I might as well get a moderator to field the whole story at once, if they have time.

Starting Classes at College

It was Monday morning, the first classes of April for the Japanese school year starts in April, and there is really only one season when applications are admitted. If you don’t make the first cut, you have to wait a year to try again, not a semester.

Miho Watanabe had not only been successful in getting in at the all English speaking college, but she had been chosen in the very early process for there are three steps to colleges accepting students. The first is through an interview and early testing usually reserved for the best students to guarantee a spot on campus before the doors are thrown open to the masses. The second step usually has to do with the center testing scores that are set up through a central testing program by the Japanese government, and the third and final chance to get in for the year is set up for colleges to finish trying to fill its quota of students to get as much income for the year as possible by finally allowing the lowest level of students it is willing to accept through a third testing cycle that comes around the month of March.

Miho was up in her sleeping sweatpants and her black shirt looking at the paper as she ate her bread covered in a chocolate cream that resembled the spread of American peanut butter. She also had a bowl of soup before her and some hot tea for breakfast.

Miho thought about what she had done the last week, and as she thought about it, she realized that it was not really so bad. And if it saved her from indignity in class, then it was well worth it. But if the plan to preserve her pride was to fully be realized, then she also had to take a precaution just in case her little private adventure was not enough to elevate her fears and stress.

She finished her cup of tea and her bread and she walked to her bedroom and dug through her closet where she had hidden a large box of twenty-four diapers her size, pull up style and a large box of fifty-four tape up style diapers also her size.

She stared at the diapers for a moment or two as though trying to come to terms with what she was about to do. It was so hard to purposely pee her pants a few days ago in the bathroom, but when she had finished doing it, and she had imagined for just a few seconds, that her English teacher was right there babying her, it had been well worth it. She felt emboldened and ready to go on. So, she started to pull the tape on package apart to open it, and she reached in and fished out a diaper. She smiled at it for a moment. Of course, it would mean she couldn’t wear her usual sexy panties for a while because she needed to hide this garment, and she also needed to be more careful of what skirts or pants she wore, but the humiliation of everyone seeing her with a soaked butt was probably a lot worse than a little inconvenience of not wearing her favorite outfits.

She swallowed and she slipped the diaper on the bed and between her legs and pulled it straight hoping to get it right the first time. Then she started to pull the sides of the diaper over making sure it was right before she started to strap on the tapes. She did a pretty good job of diapering herself especially since this was the first time, and when she stood up, it felt snug and it seemed to fit her right. She then put on a long skirt over it to hide it and wore a white sweater over a striped shirt. Her long skirt was a jean-blue that came to her knees. It wasn’t really a bad look. It sort of looked professional.

With a bit of a smile, she went into the bathroom and started to fix her hair. She was almost ready to go, and then she would have to head off to college. It would take her about fifteen minutes by bicycle to get to the classes from her apartment.

April in Japan was almost as unpredictable as winter was. It would be cool one day and very hot the next day with the nights always cooling down by after midnight. She now felt the gray cloudy sky’s coolness against her white thin tights as she cycled through the area of town she had to get through to get to her school.

A lot of eighteen year olds were going to driving school the month before they started college, but some students like Miho, who went to colleges in larger cities, often put it off until the summer month they had off.

She got to the bicycle parking for the building for her first class, and she parked her bicycle and went on into the building. The nearby clock said that it was just about 7:40 so she had about twenty minutes before her first class, English, started.

As was the plan, in her bag that she carried, there were three pullup diapers for just in case she needed them, and it was certain she would need at least one, because even if she didn’t wet the tape on, when she did eventually go to the bathroom, she would have to take it off, and it wouldn’t likely go on the right way afterwards, and she didn’t feel confident to use just panties just on her first day of school. Her private English teacher had warned her that while she could certainly try, if she had a problem there, it was going to be hard to erase that from everyone’s memory and she could only imagine how true that would be.

Back to the second to the last day of the English teacher’s class:

Miho had come to class and just as the teacher had promised, he led her straight into the bathroom first thing, but not before grabbing her hand to follow him as he went to get her a pair of panties from the closet.

“You don’t want to wet your own panties,” he told her. “And since we are pretty sure you are going to wet your pants which is why you are changing right away,” for she had wet herself very early in the lesson before and had asked for this, “I figured we should go ahead and start the little girl treatment if that is okay with you.”

“Yeah, it’s okay with me,” Miho said smiling. She really liked it when he treated her like a little girl.

“Then let me,” he said directing her into the bathroom. She let him take her in, and he pulled down her pants for her and helped her overalls off for she had worn them again, and he pulled off her panties and checked them for pee. There was none yet.

He then pulled up the clean panties he had for her and he helped her put on her sleeping sweats that she always took to wear for his classes. He then smiled at her as he folded up her panties and her overalls and put them back in her bag.

“Thank you,” she said softly really feeling cared for as he helped her get dressed. He took her by the hand and led her to the classroom after getting her dressed, and then he put her in his lap first thing. She was really glad that he did that. She didn’t want to sit down on the chair just yet because somehow, she always associated sitting by herself with wetting her pants.

He then started to talk to her while she was in his lap as though it was normal to do so.

Back to Present Day

Miho walked through the building of her English class and found the right room after a few minutes of searching. She still had about three minutes left before the day started, so she took a seat in the room, a few other students having already filtered in.

She sat about middle row so as not to draw too much attention to herself, but also not in the back because she was really interested in this class, and didn’t want to be distracted by those that were only in the class to fill some requirement or other.

The class was supposed to last about ninety minutes according to the schedule, and so Miho sat in and smiled at having been taught by her private English teacher. His lessons were ninety minutes, and he had told her that it was likely her classes would be about ninety minutes at university. He was right yet again.

She closed her eyes and thought back to that scene where he was talking to her about her options and checking with her that she intended to follow his advice when she went away to college for it seemed the way he talked that he really thought he was helping her.

The second to the last lesson—the predicted incident

The teacher still had her in his lap as they talked about some topic that circled around her school life, what she planned to do in the future and about her boyfriend situation. Yes, she did have a boyfriend, whom actually came with her to college.

As they talked, Miho felt every much as like a little girl as an eighteen year old senior could feel, or actually, a girl that had actually just finished high school, for she had no more classes, but she was not yet technically graduated for she still didn’t have her papers yet. They were due to come in a couple weeks or so, on March first.

“You are a good girl,” the teacher told her with a smile. “I’m going to miss my best student because even though you’ve had trouble keeping your pants dry, I know that at least in part it was because you were studying really hard and trying to understand what is going on in the class. I wish more students were as polite and good students as you are.”

Miho felt herself blush but his praise really raised her spirits and she even sort of found herself wanting to have an accident because it seemed that he equated her accidents to her concentrating really hard on the lesson and that being the cause of her not noticing she had to pee or at least a part of the reason.

She was finally let up from his lap as he started to switch the slide to pronunciation, and he put her down in the chair. To her disbelief, though she sat in his lap comfortably with no warning from her bladder at her, once he placed her on the chair, she started to pee so forcefully in her pants, she heard the hissing from under her and felt the liquid running all over the chair under her bottom and around her legs of her sleeping sweats. The purple sweats had to be just dark in the back, probably looking nearly black at how much she had just peed.

She let the teacher explain the first word not wanting to interrupt him, but once he had started to get her to repeat the second word, she looked up at him, and she started in her normal shy embarrassed way to excuse herself for having to interrupt him.

“Excuse me,” she whispered. “I wet my pants.”

“Just now?” he asked her almost as surprised as she was for she could hear it in the way he raised his voice and then he quickly changed his features to those of softness as he approached her to comfort her as he checked her like he always did.

“I wet my pants,” she repeated starting to stand up, but he gently had her sit back down.

“Last time, you wet your pants,” he reminded her, “we changed you too early and you peed again,” he told her. “Try to finish in your pants and I’ll change you, okay?”

Miho nodded and sat back down to do as he said. She really didn’t know how to make herself pee because it was a surprise every time she peed her pants anyway. It wasn’t like her bladder felt full or anything.

The teacher hovered over her and put an arm around her hugging her towards him as he made her sit there. As she sat, she did feel some leaking through her panties and getting her more and more wet and though it didn’t feel like it came from her privates, she knew that there was only one place it could come from for she was the only one to sit in the chair, so she waited until the fluid seemed to settle and stop wetting her sleeping sweats so much.

Finally, he put a hand in front of her and touched her front of her sweats and then between her legs to get a sense of how wet she was. He then had her stand up, and he pulled her towards him as he backed to his own chair and he put both his hands on her wet butt, one of his hands running down the left leg of her sweats which was soaked in pee from it pouring out.

“You wet really bad this time,” he said. “It feels like you just flooded yourself in a matter of moments.”

Miho nodded. That’s what it felt like to her, too.

“It’s okay,” he told her. “We expected you to pee your pants,” he reminded her. “Remember, last week? You asked if we could get you into your pajama pants right away because you peed your pants in your seat a little sooner than we expected?”

Miho nodded. This was definitely becoming more of a habit and it was happening earlier and earlier in his lessons now.

“It’s okay, baby. But remember, you are a little girl when you wet your pants, right?”

Miho nodded.

“So you do as you are told and you let me clean you up so you don’t get sick?”

She nodded.

The teacher nudged her gently back so he could get up and he went to the closet to get her a pair of panties and some pink sweats. Then he went to the entrance way sink and wet a towel with soap. He went back to her and pulled her closer to him pulling her pants down.

She still felt a little shy at him looking at her privates, but he smiled and shook his head at her.

“What are you hiding?” he asked her. “I’ve already seen your privates, and we need to clean you up so you don’t get sick, honey.”

She nodded realizing he was right. He had seen her privates the week before, and he had seen her privates in the bathroom when he changed her panties for her before putting her in her pajama pants. He had even checked her panties to make sure they weren’t wet and he made sure when he saw something in them, but she assured him it was just girl stuff and not pee.

He believed her and went on with putting her sleeping sweats on her at the time, and he even took off her sweater telling her that if she wet herself, her sweater was a bit long and might get wet. It seemed to be true, but that left her in an almost exposed shirt except he had the pink sweatshirt that went with the pink sweat pants and he slipped that on her before he started the lesson to make her warm. Her chest was never exposed in front of him, but either way, she felt better having the pink sweatshirt on.

He went to the sink as before and he wet a towel with soap and water and brought it back to clean her up. He now held her legs apart so he could clean up her privates, between her legs, and her bottom even wiping the crack of it this time. The whole time he wiped her and took care of her wet skin, he did nothing to make her feel naughty or like her boyfriend might have done if he had wiped her. It was really like she was a little girl and he really was just cleaning her up after wetting her pants.

Miho completely trusted him as he pulled up her shirt some so he could get her panties in place and then he put her in the pink sweats.

“Is that better?” he had asked her.

“Thank you,” she responded as weakly as always and yet as grateful and sincerely as always. “You best teacher to take care me. Thank you so much that thing.”

“You are very welcome,” he said smiling. “I like taking care of my little student girl.”

She smiled and nodded.

He then pulled her into his lap which she didn’t mind at all. Somehow, being in his lap never made her pee her pants like sitting on the chair. She sat there the rest of the lesson in his lap, partly because when he started to move her to let her sit on her own, she sort of started to fight it, and the teacher figured out that she wanted to be in his lap.

Miho smiled when he asked her why she didn’t want to sit in the chair.

“I just always wet my pants in the chair, but you hold me, and it doesn’t come out. I feel more like I don’t pee my pants if you hold me.”

He nodded. “You are going to have to sit in college though, aren’t you?” he asked her.

She nodded.

“Are you going to do anything I suggested to you to help you not embarrass yourself in college classes?” he asked her.

“Yes, I must do it. I wet my pants by on purpose two times a week, and I wear a diaper to class first two weeks to make sure I don’t wet my pants.”

“You don’t have to do it,” he told her. “There is no way I can check on you to make sure you do it, and even so, I have no power over whether you do. I am just suggesting it to help you, honey.”

“I know. I want to do it so I don’t get trouble at school, so I do it. I promise. I trust you because you never make it so my parents know I wet my pants, and I know it because you show me how to hide it by changing my pants for me, and have me wear my sleeping sweats in class so I can keep my pants dry.”

He smiled at her and he eventually encouraged her to sit in the seat and she did go through the rest of the lesson without wetting herself though he did keep checking her pants under her bottom and even a couple of times, he felt inside the pink sweats to see if her panties were wet. She didn’t stop him because though she didn’t feel wet, she remembered that the first time she had wet, she had not noticed it either until he brought it to her attention.

Miho was about to go for the day when he stopped her once more, after having changed her back into her overalls and her sweater so her dad wouldn’t know she had been changed and had peed her pants in class. And he whispered to her at the door.

“Remember,” he told her. “While you are at home, you need to try to keep form wetting your pants, so you can plan on peeing your pants in my class next week. Just bring something to change into so you can wet your pants, okay?”

She nodded.

“You are going to only have one more lesson with me, so when you get settled at college, if you trust me, then you should wear a diaper to your classes for the first couple of weeks and pee your pants on purpose maybe in your bathroom late at night twice a week and pretend I’m there comforting you. That will help with your feeling of stress until you really see that college is not that hard and that it isn’t going to be so bad, okay?”

Miho nodded. It made sense, and she did plan on doing that.

“I also really suggest that if you possible can at all, even if just once a month, you should try to get back home to your parents for morale support, and you should come to my class so you can have someone to take care of you so you can wet your pants without feeling stress over it.”

“I see if I can do that,” she said really liking the idea of continuing to see her private English teacher. She really didn’t care about him teaching her English once she got into college, but she did like the idea that he can make her feel relaxed and not have the responsibility of being an adult for about ninety minutes.

Then she left his class to go home.

Back in the College English Class

Just like her junior high school teachers and her high school teachers, Miho felt like these teachers were teaching according to what the Japanese ministry said that English was, and she seriously doubted that any of them used the language in their everyday life. The teacher at the front was using some very simple English to get a conversation started, but his English felt forced and unnatural somehow. He seemed to make her think of the way that people taught her grammar, and she really didn’t like it at all. Still, she had to plow through it because if this English was really bad, then the rest of her college experience was likely to be worse as far as English use.

Miho took some notes throughout the lesson the best she could and eventually, she did realize that the teacher did at least make sense and did sound somewhat fluent as the lesson went on. It seemed he was just maybe starting out slow for the students who were not yet used to the system of speaking mostly in English.

As the class went on, Miho started to feel her bladder filling. She looked up at the clock. Now, in Japan, it was a right to use the toilet, and she had no doubt the teacher would let her go without being too mad, but her English teacher had said something very real in one of their last lessons. He told her while he was sure the teacher would not keep her or get mad at her for using the bathroom, he was also not likely to halt class for her or go back over whatever she missed, and she was eager to learn as much as she could.

Miho also knew that she had a diaper on, and while she really didn’t want to use it, she would also rather not miss any of this class, so she continued to try to hold it through the class though there was still over forty-five minutes left.

As she sat there listening to the teacher, she also thought about her private English teacher, and how he said that he was really proud of her ability to concentrate so much on the lesson that she would actually wet herself instead of interrupting the lesson except for the wetting getting too uncomfortable to go on.

She blushed at the thought she just had and looked back at the college instructor. He was nothing like her private English teacher though. He was wearing a professional suit that made him look a lot stricter and a lot less approachable. He went on with the lesson without concern for the way students might be interested or not. It was as it should be, the students’ choice to learn what he was saying, not his job to force it down their throats. With that in mind, she kept her bladder in check as naturally as she could as she listened to the teacher backed up by the fact she had a diaper on.

Two students had ducked out of the lesson, but the teacher shrugged at them and went on as if it was nothing. When the students came back, he didn’t pause for even a moment as he continued his lesson mostly a lecture at this point.

Miho was glad she had not left.

At the end of the lesson, there was about five minutes, so one of the boys that left raised a hand.

“Excuse me, sensei? Can you explain what you said just after we were looking at infinitives again?”

“Isn’t that when you and your friend ducked out of class?” the teacher asked them.

“Yes sir.”

“This is not high school, people. If you miss my instruction, I am not going to waste my time telling you again. If you can’t be bothered to stay in class and to come to class, I won’t be checking on you like you are children, but you will be expected to know the content for the test just the same, and since I will not be wasting my time if you miss my class, then you will have to get the material from another classmate.”

The boy frowned and lowered his hand.

Miho was even more glad she had decided to stay right there, but as she thought so, she also felt a familiar warmth and wetness around her bottom. She ran her hand under her skirt to make sure, but just as her private English teacher had told her, the tape on diaper would be less likely to leak if she got it on herself right, and no one would know she had peed herself.

When the sensei finally released them to go on to their next class, Miho stepped out and around the corner to the bathroom to get into a cubical where she removed her diaper. Yes, it was just soaked and she no longer needed to pee. She had wet herself in class. It was such a relief that she had not missed anything important, and that she had not been caught wetting her pants on top of it. She did like the private English teacher had instructed, and she took off her wet diaper and wrapped it up putting it behind the toilet so no one would know whose diaper it was. Then she reached into her bag and pulled out a clean pull up and slipped it up her legs.

“A pull up,” the private English teacher had instructed her “is not as good as a tape up, but easier to put on, so you will want to be more careful about wetting in it, making sure to do it on purpose and slowly so it doesn’t leak all over your seat in class.”

She frowned knowing that mean that if she had to go again in her classes, she would have to do it on purpose and as slowly as possible to keep it from leaking for she trusted her English teacher completely, the one that had taught her before college that is. He was right about her possibly wetting in class, and he was right about her needing to be treated like a little girl before going to college, and he had kept her parents from knowing about her multiple wetting panties incidents from January through February before she started college.

Miho slipped out of the bathroom and went down to her math class and then to her world history class. Though she was quite prepared, she had luckily had no more problems with getting to the bathroom until she got home that evening.

She pulled out her old English notebook, and he looked up her old English teacher’s number and she paused as she sat it on the kitchen table. She wanted to thank him again for helping her hide her accident that day, and for being right yet again. She also wanted to tell him he was right, that she did pee her pants in class that day and because she had a diaper on, no one caught her.

It was still a little too early to call him though. He would no doubt be in a class at the moment, so she went to see what she could make for supper while she waited for it to get near nine o’clock, the time he said it was probably okay for her to call him.

Miho ate her supper and then she checked her iphone for messages from her boyfriend and her parents. Her parents had just checked in with her and asked her to let them know if she needed something. Her boyfriend said that his classes went well the first day, and he already had a ton of homework to get started on.

Miho sighed and she texted her boyfriend.

She had texted him. [College is interesting, but it seems a little scarier than I first thought.]

Her boyfriend texted her back. [But I don’t think it’s too bad.]

[I don’t either. It just seems really different from high school is all.]

[Yeah, it is,] her boyfriend agreed.

[Wait a minute,] Miho texted him and she looked at the messages on her line account to check for her parents. No, they still had not messaged her back since the last text. She then went back to talking to her boyfriend.

It seemed that Haruto was quite busy but happy with his classes, and he also couldn’t wait to see her that Friday night. She and Haruto had dated for a year, so she really thought he was nice and she sort of hoped that they would graduate together and then get married.

While she was texting with Haruto, at one point, her bladder let itself be known, and even though they were just texting, she was too embarrassed to continue afraid she would have an accident while talking, so she excused herself and signed off with him. Anyway, they both needed to get to their homework for the evening. Then she walked to the bathroom and pulled down her still dry pull up and used the toilet properly.

She sighed as she sat on the toilet thinking of her private English teacher again. She really wished he was closer and could come and comfort her. She wanted to be a child at the moment even if she didn’t wet her pants just then.

She finished on the toilet and after washing her hands went to start on her homework.

As she worked on her homework, she finally thought about the last lesson before starting college.

The last Lesson by her Private English Teacher

It was the last lesson before she would have to spend a month getting ready for her college life. The date was February 16, and the young girl was just entering the classroom entrance hall and seeing her teacher who already had a clean pair of panties in his hands which told her what was coming next. He had expected to change her like usual and treat her like a little girl, and she really looked forward to this. Actually, she hoped he would spend more time taking care of her than teaching her this time as it was their last lesson together.

Miho walked to the bathroom without any reservations at all this time and he let him lead her in and after locking the door behind them, she let him start to pull her jeans down for her and then her panties. He checked inside her panties in which there was a sanitary napkin because she had a period again, or actually, she was almost done with it again. There was just a little leakage of something brown on the napkin, but it wasn’t much.

“Are you almost done?” her teacher asked as he referenced the napkin.

Miho nodded. “I soon no period. Now, period panties and napkin is just for if I leak a little bit because still a little left.”

“Okay,” he said. “If we let you wear these period panties though, and you wet yourself, they are going to get soaked again, and might turn yellow if you wet them too much. You know?”

Miho nodded.

“So, can I put my panties on you instead for now?”

Miho nodded and he slid up some black form fitting panties on her that hugged her bottom and privates a bit closely.

“What about a napkin?” she asked him.

“No point,” he told her. “If you wet your pants, and if you are still on a period, the blood will come out anyway, honey.”

She looked at him for a minute and he explained again.

“If you wet your pants, sweetie, even with a pad on, it will just leak all over anyway. The pad isn’t going to help anything if you pee, so don’t worry about a pad, okay?”

She nodded.

He got her black form fitting panties on her which really did cover her really wet though and made her feel a little better about the idea that maybe it wouldn’t soak through her clothes, and then he didn’t put her sleeping sweats on her this time.

“You don’t want to get blood all over your sleeping sweats if you have a period and wet your pants, do you?” he asked her.

She shook her head no.

“So for now, I’m going to just let you go with just panties on for now. Once you pee your pants, then we’ll change your panties and put you in the sleeping sweats, okay?”

Miho nodded. That seemed like a better plan than getting her pajama bottoms all bloody on top of being peed in.

He walked her to the classroom, and he put her in his lap and rocked her for a minute.

“So are you ready to start college?” he asked her as he held her in his lap.

“Yes, I am ready a little bit,” she said smiling.

“You mean ‘kind of,” he told her. “The natural way to say we sort of feel something or we feel something a little bit, is to say we are kind of blah blah.”

“Okay,” Miho said appreciating this tidbit of information on natural English. It seemed her schooling once again missed something important about sounding natural in English.

They continued talking a little bit about this and a little bit about that. He didn’t seem to have the computer on at all at this point which was strange for he always used power point to teach her. Still, she didn’t mind it at all. She liked that it looked like they were just going to talk on that day.

As they talked for about ten minutes, and he held her in his lap rubbing her back with one of his hands while her legs dangled over either side of his legs so she could face him in his lap, she felt so comforted and little and she enjoyed this.

“So, what kind of things have you prepared for to go to college?” he asked her.

“I already know my schedule,” she told him. “My parents got me an apartment by myself, and we are setting up for me to start staying at the apartment from this Sunday which is why I don’t can come the last week of February,” she told him.

“That sounds good,” he told her. “You don’t yet have diapers, do you?”

“No. I get that after my parents don’t in my apartment because I don’t want them know it.”

“You don’t want them to know.”

“Yeah, I don’t want them to know,” she corrected her English as he had.

As they continued to talk about her college plans and everything, she felt him feel her bottom but she didn’t blame him. She had wet her pants the last couple of weeks before this time, so it was probably natural that he was worried she was going to wet on him, but even so, he didn’t try to force her off of his lap and she really didn’t want to get off yet. He had sweats on that he said he didn’t mind if she got wet, so she saw no reason to worry about wetting herself, and she had never wet her pants while in his lap, so she doubted she would wet her pants as long as he held her anyway.

Still, he kept his hand on her bottom and seemed to check her every few minutes for leaking which she sort of didn’t mind. She was eventually turned around though she faced away from him but still in his lap, and he turned the television to the drama for her hearing practice. She liked that drama too. It was really funny.

As they watched the drama together, he kept feeling her for wetness every few minutes and she knew it was probably because he was expecting her to wet her pants eventually. She had done it so many times already before.

Eventually, as the drama ended and he started to turn her again to face him, she did feel something inside that wanted to come out. She whispered in his ear. “May I go to the bathroom?”

“Really?” he asked her. “You really want to go to the bathroom now? After wetting your pants so many times until now?”

She blushed and nodded. “I don’t mind to just pee my pants,” she confessed. “If you wanted that, but I can’t go in my pants now. I have blood to come out, and I… I think I must um… wait a minute….”

Miho reached over and got her bag and pulled out her electronic dictionary, and then she blushed as she looked up at him. “I must do shit?” she said feeling embarrassed.

The teacher frowned which sort of told her that it was probably an improper word.

“We don’t usually say it like that unless we are dirty,” he told her. “It’s a little better if you just say you have to poop, honey.”

“Poop?”

He smiled and nodded. “You need to poop?”

“Yeah.” She blushed. Either way it was still embarrassing to have to tell him that she had to do that, but like she had said, if it was just pee, she would just go in her pants so he could treat her like a baby, but she really didn’t want that kind of mess in her panties.

“Let me check first,” he told her.

“I thought you were checking,” she said a little red.

“I was checking only for wetness,” he told her. “It would be a waste if you started towards the toilet and then poop went in your panties, wouldn’t it? You’d get it leaking down on the floor and make a bigger mess than just wetting your pants right here would do.”

“Oh, yeah.”

“Let me check you.”

She blushed and nodded let him push the back of her panties into her butt crack to feel around. He then smiled.

“It doesn’t look like it’s coming out, so let’s go ahead and take you, but don’t wet until we get in the bathroom, or I will be upset that you made the mess bigger than you needed to by telling me you want to go rather than just going in your pants like usual.”

Miho nodded and she let him take her by the hand. However, as they crossed the classroom threshold and entered the hall, she felt her bottom starting to puff and the gas in her stomach threatened to push either way. She held her front with both hands while she tried to squeeze her butt muscles closed to keep from pooping her pants.

Her teacher must have noticed she had stuttered in her following him, and he looked back at her.

“Are you about to wet your pants anyway?” he asked her.

She shook her head in disbelief hoping that wasn’t going to happen, and bent over, she tried to scramble to the toilet, but he grabbed her around her waist and he pulled her back and looked in her eyes.

“You’re about to go in your panties,” he told her.

She felt her face heat up and perspiration slid down her hairline to her face. She nodded.

“It’s okay,” he told her. Then he picked her up and carried her to the bathroom and put her down in front of it before opening it up. Then he walked her into the bathroom, lifted the lid and pushed her down on the toilet her panties still up.

“I….”

“I know,” her teacher said. “You are a little girl, and you need this. Just go, honey. I’m right here, and I’ll be cleaning you up. It’s okay.”

Miho looked up at him in surprise, but she knew how loved she felt when he took care of her. She started to pee in her panties because that was easy to do by now, but she really didn’t want to poop herself.

“After I pee my panties, can I poop with them down?” she asked him.

“We’ll see,” he said. “If your panties still don’t have any poop in them when you finish wetting, then I’ll lift you up and help you pull your panties down, but if you even start to open your butt, then I’m going to have to have you just finish in your panties, okay?”

“Okay,” she said not sure if she was going to be able to pee without pooping her panties. Still, she wanted to make him happy, and she really wanted him to take care of her like always, so she did want to pee her pants anyway.

After several minutes, maybe even ten minutes, she was rewarded with a warmth that spread from her crotch in her panties all over the back of them and a stream started to go through her panties into the toilet. She sat there peeing for a few minutes, because this was the first time she had done it on purpose. It wasn’t natural for her to just pee herself on purpose. But eventually, she neared to finishing, but as she did, she also felt her other hold starting to open and hurried to grab her hands under her butt to try to stop the poop from coming out.

“Are you starting to poop?” he asked her.

Miho blushed and shook her head in disbelief. “I don’t think so.”

He smiled and reached up under her pulling her hands back so he could reach up into her crack of her butt through her panties and feel her. He smiled when he finished checking, and he gently pushed her shoulders so she was forced to stay seated on the potty.

“You’re starting to poop,” he told her. “If we try to get you up and then down on the toilet, you are going to leak some out on the floor. I don’t want you getting it on the floor, honey.”

She nodded knowing he was right because she could feel her butt opening and the end of her cigar-shaped starting turd protruding out of her bottom.

“Go ahead and go, honey. I’m right here. Once you finish, I’ll clean you up, okay?”

Miho sighed and nodded. She knew that it was no use trying to argue with him with her so close to pooping. He was probably right. She was going to poop any minute anyway.

“Go ahead and push,” he told her. “Come on, honey.”

She nodded and tried to grunt.

It was just a small push, but it was enough and as soon as she did it, the whole mass of the first load started to bubble through her bottom and into her panties filling them. Another little push and a second wave of mess pushing over top the first one until her panties were so full it had no where to go but partly up her back and between her legs getting her pussy area a little dirty. She pushed a third time, and after a loud bout of several farts, she finally crinkled and popped the rest into her panties and now the bottom of her panties sagged as he held her off of the toilet.

“You finished?” he asked to make sure.

Miho nodded feeling really disgusting and a little sad that she had pooped her panties.

“It’s okay,” he told her. “Just obey me so we don’t make a bigger mess than necessary, okay?”

She nodded and she let him carefully pull down her panties the poop resting in the black form fitting panties nicely, and though her legs got a bit messy, he kept the stuff from leaking out of her panties legs by closing them off around her legs until they were off of her and then he closed them up under the rest of the garment.

There was a very bad mess of pee, blood and poop in her panties, but he didn’t even flinch at it as he emptied the mess into the toilet and flushed it down. Then he took some toilet paper and started to wipe her around her bottom first. He cleaned her up as good as he could around her back and then he cleaned up her middle and finally he cleaned up around her pussy with toilet tissue. Once he had most of solid mess off of her, he smiled at her.

“Stay here a minute. I need to wet a cloth to wipe you up better okay?”

Miho nodded and stood there half naked in the bathroom waiting for him. He went and wet and soaped up not one rag, but three, then he came back with a fourth and fifth dry one with him. Then he started to first, once again, wiping her bottom inside the crack cleaning her mess out of her butt until the towel came out clean. The water from the area of washing your hands in the toilet, he used to continually clean the towel so as to make sure he was wiping her with clean watered towel though the soap started to disappear. Then he used a second towel on the middle of her washing her good making sure the towel eventually came out poop free and then finally, he used the third wet towel to clean the front of her privates around her mound and then partly into the outer lips of her pussy to make sure no poop got stuck there.

Finally she was clean enough and he dried her off.

Again, though he was touching her in the most intimate places to clean her up, she didn’t even feel aroused by it at all, but rather, as though she was nine years old, and she had been found having had an accident in her pants, though unlike what she imagined her parents doing, scolding her the whole time, her teacher was really gentle and kept whispering that it was okay and that little girls sometimes had accidents and it was natural to sometimes wet or even to poop her panties.

When he finally had her all clean, he finally took her from the bathroom back to his classroom where he got her another pair of clean panties, these ones a little more normal and not the period panties he kept in her bag, and then he put her sleeping sweats on her after that.

Once she was dressed again, he put her back into his lap and he hugged her and they started to talk again, only this time, he started to talk about how she had wet and now pooped her panties because she really need to be a little girl.

“I know you need to be a little girl when you are on your own in your own apartment, too,” he told her. “But it will be a lot better for you if you keep the act of acting like a little girl to just wetting your pants. Cleaning up poop is a real chore and you don’t want to throw away all of your panties which you will have to do if you can’t get them clean, honey.”

Miho nodded. That made sense to her.

“You do need to pee your pants probably three times a week, when you are sure no one sees you,” he told her.

“I thought you said just once or two times,” she said feeling a little bit scared of doing it so often.

“That’s before today, when I found out you really need to poop yourself, but you can’t do that by yourself. If you poop your pants without someone to help you, you are going to have a hard time cleaning it up, and you are going to ruin all of your panties. It’s better to wet your pants more often than to poop them even once a month, honey, unless you have someone to clean you up.”

She nodded thinking that made sense, too.

“So, I think you better get used to wetting your pants in private and on purpose three times a week and wear diapers in classes and in public for a couple of weeks to make sure you have control. If you have control of your bladder, then you can stop wearing them after that, but if you don’t, then you should continue wearing them until you can stay dry for a week or two in a row.”

Miho nodded. “I do that because I know you care me and ask me to take care myself.”

He smiled. “That’s right. And again, you don’t have to. There is no way for me to know if you disobey me at college, and even if I did, I can’t do anything about it, but this is just to help make things better for you, honey.”

“I know.”

Back at College doing her homework:

Miho completed the last of her math homework and she pushed her book away at last. She thought again about her pre-college private English teacher, and she really felt like she wanted him there to comfort her. As her thoughts turned to the last time they had met, she sighed in contentment for a moment just before realizing that her bottom was getting soaked. She was peeing her pants right there at the table without him even there just because she thought about him. She felt her hand down by the front of her crotch and just under her and confirmed that it was puddled there, and her pants were drenched in pee. She smelled her hand like the first time he had made her see for herself what she had done, and she looked down. She had wet her pants completely enough though it was at home and in private. It still felt really naughty, and embarrassing, and the only good thing was that no one was there to see her do it. Then she looked up at the clock. It was almost nine now.

Miho, needing some real care, decided she was going to call her old English teacher. He promised to be there for her if she needed to talk, and right now, she needed to be comforted.

