Sandy Cheeks embarrassing moment

Author: Nick97

*000*2021-09-09 10:26

Sandy Cheeks was in the Bikini Bottom visiting her friend SpongeBob. They were talking and drinking some tea that he made. After a while Sandy wanted to get back to her house in order to continue her research, so she took SpongeBob with her, because it was Sunday and he had free time.

By then she had a slight urge to pee, but after all she was returning to her home, so there was no reason to visit a foreign bathroom. After all she was wearing her diving suit and it was pretty complicated to take it out.

In the return home, Bob met Patrick and they had a casual (and nonsence ofc) discussion, something that was irritating for Sandy.

- Bob do you wanna come over my home or not?, asked him

- Chill Sandy, responded Patrick and let Spongebob, who was laughing.

- OK Sandy, he said, "but firstly I wanna buy some stuff from the market.

Sandy aggreed, but several minutes had passed and she was now really in need for a toilet break.

SpongeBob really took his time in the market and Sandy was really frustrated, as her need was gradually growning and she didn't want to shout at Bob's face in front of everyone in the market, as this was gonna be embarassing. She just whispered him to get his errands done as she wanted to go back to her house, cause she was "bored". As they waited in the cash desk, Sandy had to cross her legs, because she never felt this desperation again in her life. She was wandering why just a cup of tea made her so desperate, but she soon realized that she didn't used the toilet for about 5 hours; so the tea was not the only blemish.

As they were walking back in the road, Sandy felt kinda better, rather than standing still, but this didn't last long. She felt a wave of desperation hit her and she leaked as she was walking. She had to accept that SpongeBob should know in order to keep up with her.

- Bob, let's walk a bit faster, becuase I really want to use the bathroom.

Bob giggled a bit, but Sandy looked at him aggresively and he quickly shut his mouth.

As they were arriving at her home, Sandy swearred, as the door hall took for ever to let the water vanished. She was trying already to took her suit off.

Getting inside her home though was only the first step. She had to take her suit off, but of course when you are in a rush a lot of things go wrong. It was stuck and being in agony was not helping. SpongeBob tried to help but Sandy right now was in tears. She was trying but a large amount of pee escaped.

- Get out, she shouted

- No, I wanna help, he responded to his friend.

Sandy managed to take of the suit and her swimsuit was already very wet. To make matters worse as she was running to the toilet, and had it on her sight, it was enough for her bladder and started pee uncontrollably. She was very embarrased to have an accident in front of her friend, but SpongeBob tried to alleviate her fears, of being teased. He said not to worry and that he was not going to tell anyone

- Of course you're not going to tell anyone, she said. I will not threten you of beating your ass, but I'm gonna tell you that if the whole Bikini Bottom know, I'll leave. And I think that this is enough to persuade you.

This was her first accident since her childhood and she still couldn't believe it. She was thinking of it the whole day, even though SpongeBob didn't mentiοn it again.

