WO 113: Continence managment (A world where women aren't potty trained)

Author: Noface

*000*2018-12-23 10:28

First I should say that this is loosely based off this story by MasterOptometrist.

The idea isn't a full rip off, but this story gave me the idea so i felt like it was fair to link to it and give credit.

"It is a common belief that females of most mammalian species are by default incontinent." A well dressed professor said to her audience, pacing across the auditorium stage. "This would seem to be the case upon primary examination. Horses, dogs, cats, and our closest relative the chimpanzee as well as most other mammals all reinforce this preconception. As you can see from this graph, 71% of mammalian species either show more frequent urination or lack any apparent ability to purposely retain urine among females. This number drops to 64% for defecation." She pressed a button to move to another slide before continuing. "However, when narrowing that to only predatory species in which females hunt then those numbers drop to 9% and 3% respectively. Indeed even more species, specifically domesticated ones are able to be trained to increase their bladder control."

While the professor continued listing statistics and studies, Amber sat bored in her seat at the back of the auditorium. She brushed her long red hair out from in front of her bloodshot eyes and tied it into a ponytail with a scrunchy. "Blah Blah Blah" She leaned her head back. "I cant believe i had to get up at 7 AM for this in the first week of school! Couldn't they just give us a freaking video to watch? And why do I need a fucking Women's study course for a marine biology degree!" She leaned forward, only to be make aware of a sudden squish between her legs. "What? I just changed an hour ago and I'm already damp? I must have leaked while i was leaning back, guess I wasn't empty when i woke up." She leaned back again to try and make herself more comfortable and looked back to the professor.

"Why do I bring up all of this?" The professor aid gesturing to the crowd of women. "Because these misconceptions are the reason most women today are in diapers. It is true that women have weaker bladders as children. In fact the same muscles that allow men to be diaper free as young as 4 don't finish developing in girls until around 16. This means that most women are used to a lack of control by the time they are able to have it, and the toilet training techniques that work on boys often fail.

Every woman here has yet to free themselves, and that has problems associated with it. You see having to change your diapers and inconveniences associated with that makes a lot of young woman nearly unhierable in today's job market, at least in areas that require high skill. For this reason, this school and many others have decided to make a class that teaches you how to maintain continence mandatory for all female students in your first semester. Now i'm going to pass around a forum to see what kind of help you all need."

Aids moved down the rows handing papers to the women there. Amber glared and took once. "Ok time to fill this out. Why do they need to know all this crap anyway?"

Name: Amber James

Race: White

Age: 18

Height 5,9"

Do you play any sports, if so what?: Soccer, karate

Do you have any medical issues: No

Do you wear a Diaper?: Yes

Do you sometimes wake up with wet diapers?: Yes] If yes, how many days a week on average?: 4?

Do you frequently wet yourself during the day?: yes] If yes, how many diapers do you go through in a day?: 3-4

Do you occasionally mess yourself?: Yes] If yes, How many days a week on average?: 1-2

Have you ever attempted "Potty Training": yes] if so, at what age?: 9, 10, and 13

If yes, how successful were you?: Not very.

"Why do they need to know all of this?"

"OK as soon as you finish, please pass the paper to the front." The professor said. Everyone passed the paper up and returned to their seats.

"Ok now, before you go. I want all of you try this exorcise. Stand up." The class slowly rose at her command. "Now squeeze your abdominal muscles. "

Amber rolled her eyes and complied. "I don't see why we have to do this." She stood there for a minute until she felt a rush of warm piss erupt from her crotch, causing her damp diaper to leak, leaving a damp spot of her skort. "Shit!" she thought to herself before relaxing her muscles, bringing her stream to a slow halt. "I knew what she was up to but I didn't realise i had that much in me!"

"Now you all probably felt your diapers get damp... It's OK there's no shame here. We'll work on it. Now go on home and grab a support box on the way out. We'll email you with your class room."

*001*2018-12-24 10:39

I was hoping to get some feedback before continuing this but It seems like there hasn't been much interest yet. This was originally to be included in part 1 anyway but time constraints prevented it, so i guess that's fitting. the next update might be a day or two from now so i hope i can get some criticism before then. I'm not used to writing fetish porn, I usual more conventional erotica, so there's some learning to do.

Part 2

Amber walked down the sidewalk leading from campus auditorium back to her dorm, her legs slightly spread to avoid squeezing any more fluid out of her now sagging diaper. She had her blue denim jack tied around her wast to hide the small but slowly growing damp patch that had formed on the front of her skort. While it was no secret that most woman wore diapers, having them leak onto their clothes was embarrassing and childish. Though it had become a more common occurrence since Amber had switched to a cheap store brand to save money.

"Uggg... Why do i always forget to bring a spare? I even forgot my wallet so couldn't even get one out of the vending machine. As much as this school costs you'd think they would provide that." Amber murmured under her breath. "I shouldn't have followed that stupid "exorcise", I could have gone another two hours at least. Now i have to get home, change, and try to get some sleep before my 12 O'clock Bio class. Fuck My Life!" She moaned as she walked up to her dorm's steps and undid the lock.

Her Dorm was a girls only one where every resident had a bedroom and bathroom to themselves but shared the kitchen and common area with the other students. Amber walked over the stained blue carpet of the communal living room that the students shared, squishing as she went. She had stopped trying to hide her predicament, thinking that she was the only one in the house. "Spring a leak?" said a blond girl that was sitting in the corner in a condescending tone.

Amber let out an annoyed sigh before responding. "Hey Rebecca."

Rebecca was, for lack of a better word, a big boobed boy bonkers bottle blond bitch. At least if the words of her dorm mates would be believed. She was a always condescending and egotistical with everyone in the building, always bragging about dating the college quarterback and being a cheerleader or having rich parents, the sort of thing girls like her gloated about in high school. But, she also had the distinction of being one of only three first year women to test out of the Continence Management class.

Something she always made sure everyone knew by walking around the dorm pants less, usually wearing one of the pairs of her boyfriend's boxers that she had from when they were both in high school. While not wearing diapers would get a few looks of jealousy and disbelief in middle school or early years of high school, it became something worth bragging about once your piers were struggling to achieve the same feat. Wearing a cute boy's underwear was especially boast worthy because it meant that you were both comfortable walking around without protection but also spent the night with a guy.

"You should probably go change sweety, you're dripping." Rebecca said with a smug grin.

Amber stomped up to her room and dropped her skort and diaper to the ground, causing a squishing sound. Amber looked to the inspect the damage. "Yikes that's soaked, did I not pee in my sleep last night? Well at least my clothes didn't get too wet, this shouldn't leave a stain." She walked over to get a replacement diaper, before being stopped by a tingling between her legs and the sound of dripping. "Shit!" she yelled, slamming a hand between her legs, struggling to stop the flow. "I guess I'm still not empty." She chuckled out as she pressed her legs together. She was use to ignoring her bladder's signals to her brain and just letting it empty itself, but she still remembered how to stop it from her various unsuccessful attempts at potty training from when she was younger. Even if it took more concentration then she felt it was worth. She slowly hobbled her way to the bathroom, focusing to keep the rarely used muscles under her bladder clinched.

"Ok." she said as she sat down on the toilet and removed her hand, causing her slow stream to resume. She squeezed and unleashed her pent up torrent into the bowel. "I had a lot more in me than I realized... come to think of it, i have been having this happen a lot to me lately." She reached for the trashcan to check the diaper that she had worn last night. "Bone dry? That means I went almost nine hours without actually needing a change. I've woken up dry before but that's usually because I needed a change right before bed... Maybe I should take this toilet training seriously." She said as her stream came to a halt.

"It would be nice to just do like the guys and just go to the bathroom every so often, and not worring about having to wash the sheets every morning would be nice." She said as she got up and wiped the piss off of her. She walked back to her bed to grab a new diaper before pausing. "I'll be good for a while, I should look at whats in that package from class." She said as she sat down on her bed. She took a swig from the water bottle on her end table and opened the box. Inside were a large package of slim pink diapers bearing the title Slim Elegance Training Panties.

"Hmm... For women gaining independence. Low capacity only. What does it mean by that?" She said as she read of the package. "Ideal for women that experience minor leaks, nighttime incontinence, or a lack of urinary warning response. Compatible with Leaning Ladies Continence alarm. What is that?" She looked back into the box to see what else was there. Her eyes fell to a pink box containing what looked like a small belt with wires coming out of the buckle. She took another drink and pulled the package out. "Learning Ladies Continence alarm, spots leaks before you do. Hmm... looks like its one of those bladder leak alarms, i think mom got me one the last time she tried to potty train me. Lets hope this one does any good."

She finished the last of her water before opened the diapers. They lacked the tape on the sides that most of the diapers on the market had, instead they had a stretchable band around the top and were meant to be pulled up like a normal pair of underwear. "These look like panties." She said as looked through them. She picked out a pair that had a purple floral pattern and slid it up to her waist. "These are pretty comfortable, i wonder how they'll look under clothes." She unpackaged the alarm and strapped the belt around her. She noticed a small opening at the top of the diaper. "I guess this is where the wires go." She slid the censor down into them.

"I think i can get used to this." She said with a smile. Her eyes drooped and she let out a yawn. "Oh yeah, 8 AM. Guess i better get some sleep before class" She stripped off her top and reclined on her bed. "Yawn... I have a good feeling about this."

*007*2018-12-25 08:47

Thank you all for the positive response. I should probably say something before the people who are invested in this continue reading, if you see this in the year 2069 or are just scrolling through for a quick kick then feel free to skip to the thing you're actually here for. This is probably going to be the last daily upload for a while. These are fun to make but they take 2-4 hours and I only have time to write them late at night. I don't want 30 second filler chapters that only advance the story slightly or just serve as an isolated wetting scene.

But, rest assured that I do intend to keep up with this consistently whenever i feel like it, probably 1-2 parts a week with the intention of finishing at some point in January. I have no intention of letting this become one of those stories that goes on for a few chapters before hitting a couple month long hiatuses and vanishing entirely. Once a story starts being published then i finish it. I'll also try too keep up with questions even though I usually don't frequent this site that often. So I would appreciate anyone that wants to take the time to point out what i'm doing wrong before part 4 then i would be extremely grateful.

Also, how long before my posts stop needing mod approval? I know this is unrelated but I'm seriously curious.

Part 3

Amber sat naked on a pink sand beach, waves of lemonade lapping at her toes. The warm sunlight beat down on her as she stared out at a group of men in boxers swimming in the lemonade sea, playing a game of volleyball. Her focus on the sea was broken by the sound of footsteps behind her. It was Rebecca, standing there wearing nothing but a pair of boxer shorts. The men motioned to her as she ran in to join them. "I think I'll join them" Amber said as she was walking into the surf.

Once she got to knee level, a pelican landed on her shoulder. "Don't you think that's a bad Idea?" the pelican said in a condescending, almost motherly tone.

"Shut up!" Amber growled out.

She slapped off the bird and continued walking until the lemonade water came to her waist. The bird flew up in front of her, this time hovering and flying about like a hummingbird. It opened it's beak again and continued speaking "no, no... Swimming isn't for little girls Amber." It said before it started making an annoying mechanical buzzing sound.

Amber awoke in her bed to a uncomfortable vibrating coming from her waist, and the familiar feel of an expanding damp spot between her legs. She quickly realized what she was doing as well as remembered how thin her new diapers were. "Crap!" she shouted as she clinched her legs together, causing the flow to stop. "So this thing does work like those things mom made me wear." She said in a annoyed groan. She felt a uncomfortable twinge coming from her abdomen, one she hadn't really felt since her and her mother gave up on potty training her for the final time five years ago. She kept herself motionless for a minute or so as her discomfort subsided. She sat up as she slowly moved her legs apart. Letting out a sigh of relief once she knew that her leak didn't return.

"Well... I guess it's a good thing I can still stop a leak. I haven't forgotten everything." She stood up and looked down at her nightstand to check her phone. "Wait It's dead? I was using that as my alarm, what time is it!" She yelled as she frantically looked out window to check the clock in the center of the campus. "11:45, I overslept!"

She ran over too her closet to get ready. She hastily threw on a black skirt, a white floral tee shirt, a pair of stockings and her running shoes, hoping that the later would help her make the 20 minute sprint to class on time. "I can't be late!" she yelled as she dashed out the door, grabbing her purse and jacket just before closing it. Her class was all the way across campus and she knew that she wouldn't make it if she followed the walk ways. So, she sprinted across the campus in the direct route, running over grass and hopping knee high decorative walls as she went. The bell rang as her eyes fell on the Bio and Medical building. "Thank god!" She stormed through front door and ran to her class just as her professor was concluding roll.

"Hello miss James, I was worried you wouldn't make it. Please take a seat."

She ran to the back to set down next to Daisy, another first year from her dorm that also shared her major, meaning that she was the closest thing to a consistent class mate she had. Daisy leaned in to whisper "hey, why were you late? you're always here before i am."

"I slept in, I had to go to that stupid continence management orientation early today so I decided to take a nap when i got back." Amber whispered back.

"wait you took the in person version, why didn't you just take it online?"

Amber squeezed her pencil and twisted her face into an annoyed scowl. "you mean there was an option to take that online!"

"yeah. you still have to take the test at the end of the semester but there's a lot less busy work apparently. I got the same box and everything."

"Ok- My advisor told that i had to take it in person for some reason but i guess that was a damn lie."

"Quite in the back please." the professor said. The two of them redirected their gaze and quieted down.

As the class went on, Amber found it harder to keep focused on the presentation. The information he had covered was the same from last classes homework and already less advanced than the sort of things Amber read in her own time anyway. As her eyes began to wander around the class, she couldn't help but notice that a little over half the girls had started fidgeting and checking the clock.

"I guess there are a lot of first years in this class." her eyes drooped in boredom as she leaned back and yawned, only to be interrupted by a vibration coming from her skirt. She jumped and slammed her legs together. This leak wasn't stopping as easy as the last one. It continued for about a second and a half before it reluctantly stopped, leaving a extremely uncomfortable wetness between her legs "Uh oh, I forgot to pee or change before i left the dorm." Her bladder wasn't just uncomfortable now, it was screaming for relief on a scale she hadn't felt in years. And her already atrophied kegel muscles being exhausted from this morning were hardly helping her situation. She leaned forward and pressed her thighs together praying that she would be able to contain herself until she had a way to find relief.

"Hey... are you ok" Daisy asked under her breath.

"Yeah... i just ne-need to-to pee."

"So? Just go. Whats the problem?"

"I'm wearing those tiny training panties that they gave us for class. I'm already a little damp, if any more comes out then it'll start leaking."

"Why did you put one of those on?"

"It seemed like a good idea at the time I don't know!"

"Look class is almost over, you should be fine."

She looked at the time and saw that class should only have five minutes left. "ok. I can do this. I've done harder before, I can keep a little piss in me for five minutes." she though to herself.

The professor droned on for a few more minutes as the women in the class became increasingly fidgety. Suddenly, Amber heard a gasp from a girl in the front row that had been mostly quite for the class. She stood up and revealed a growing wet patch on her bluejeans. Her face turned red as she ran out the door. The sight of this caused another large spurt to escape into Amber's diaper. She jumped as the buzzing of her alarm nearly caused her to release more. "This stupid thing isn't helping!" she said to herself.

"well class I think that's enough for the day, no homework other than reading the chapters on the board so have a nice weekend." As soon as he said this most of the fidgeting girls in class jumped up and made for the door.

"Thank god." Amber said. She jumped up quickly, causing a small spurt to escape into her diaper. "Shit!" She looked down to see that it had thankfully only caused a slight drip to escape. "Do you know where the girl's room in this building is Daisy?" she said hoping that there actually would be.

"How am i supposed to know? I've never had to change in this building before."

She let out a aggravated growl and ran out the door, where she began frantically searching the halls. A sign that said "changing station" with a pink picture of a woman under it caught her eyes. She slowly hobbled over too it, resisting the urge to grab herself. She stopped only for a second to avoid colliding with the woman that had ran out earlier who was now walking out of the bathroom with a look of defeat on her face. Amber ran into the room to see two other women with soiled clothes putting on a more conventional diaper from the vending machine in the corner.

"Phew I made it" She said in relief as she reached for the door.

"Don't try it" said one of the women in the corner "they're all occupied."

"No!" Amber screamed internally. She threw her hand down between her legs as another small spurt escaped. "I can hold it. I can hold it. I can hold it." Amber kept repeating to herself, hoping that one of the stalls would open before her control gave out. A few more spurts escaped, causing the device in her diaper to vibrate more and more. She felt her warm pee leaking through to her hand. "I can hold it... I can hold it... I can-" her inner monologue was interrupted by the sound of a stall flying open.

"Yes-" she yelled as she moved her and and spread her legs apart to make walking easier.

Her ears were imidiatly greeted with a loud hiss as piss exploded out through her diaper and onto the floor. She quickly crossed her legs in a vain attempt to stop it, but it wasn't working this time. She realized this and kicked off her shoes and pulled her skirt up to keep it dry.

Daisy ran in to see if her friend had made it. "Hey you found... Oh. sorry Amber."

Amber let out a sigh that sounded like a mixture between defeat and relief at the feeling of finally being empty after holding it for the two hours that class was in session. "Can you... get me a diaper out of the vending machine Daisy?"

"Uh... sorry but they're out, looks like a lot of girls were leaking today."

"What!" Amber yelled as her tone shifted to anger. "Just throw me a damn wipe or something then!" She said as she took of her diaper and stocking. She rung out her stockings into the sink and tossed the training panties in the trash can, remembering to take the censor out. "This stupid thing made it harder on me!" she rinsed it and her hands off before tossing it in her purse.

"So what are you gonna do about walking home?" Daisy asked.

"Guess I'll just go commando. It's not like i have anything left in me to come out."

Ok that was the last of this for a few days. Let me know what i can improve, what you would do differently, and what was confusing. Especially if something doesn't make sense, this isn't realistic by any means but i at least want it to be internally consistent. Also let me know your theories/suggestions as to where this is going and your thoughts on the characters, i'm nothing if not a audience pleaser.

*011*2018-12-26 04:38

{{1 hour ago, Night Rain said:

How about some adventures of Amber and Daisy during class or taking a test?

}}

I might do that. I was thinking about doing either filler chapters or a interactive story with Daisy because the two of them have very different stakes in this. You’ll see more of this in the next part but without spoiling anything Daisy is taking this much less seriously and has never used a toilet before. (A biproduct if the whole most people thinking women are incontinent thing) I was meaning to describe her in more detail but I forgot because I do these in one draft.

Do you think anyone would mind if I did a mini chapter with her as the POV character about their walk home and what happens when they get back to the dorm? Maybe Amber teaching her how to use a toilet?

*013*2018-12-26 08:55

I know I said this would be the end of daily updates but I can’t sleep so here’s a side story... kind of. This is a mini chapter revolving around Daisy because I didn’t flesh her out in the last part. This takes place right after the end of the last one and is cannon, but probably won’t be needed for the rest of the story. Let me know what you think of this because this actually will be the last update for a few days... probably. Also i’m writing this on a phone this time so if the formatting gets fucked then sorry.

Side story 1

Wet Daisies

Daisy was always a friendly girl. Her smile was as bright as her curly blond hair. She wore thick rimmed pink glasses that framed her slightly chubby cheeks every day. not because she couldn’t replace them with contacts, but she just couldn’t be bothered with putting them in. She wasn’t necessarily lazy, she just didn’t care what people though of her as long as her and her friends were happy. This made seeing her new friend Amber in such distress all the more saddening. After seeing Amber stuggle against her own body for over an hour, seeing her walk down the sidewalk diaperless in defeat made her more upset than any embarrassment Daisy had personality felt. “Cheer up Amber!” She said in a comfortable friendly tone “who hasn’t leaked in their clothes before? It happened to me at my high school dance, and look at me.” She said as she ran ahead of Amber.

”That’s not the point!” Amber said. “It’s the fact that I almost made it. But I guess that’s the story of my life, trying the best I can and tripping at the finish like because of some fuckup.”

”Language! You really need to work on your diaper mouth.” Daisy said looking up at her with a frown. “My mom always said that boys hate girls that swear.”

”Well there aren’t any boys around now are there.” Amber said in annoyance. “Besides not everyone is the same as people from small town wherever you’re from.”

”Well that’s their problem.”

”just drop it, I wanna hey back to the dorm and change so I can forget this day ever happened-“ She was cut off by a cold autumn wind blowing between her legs, lifting her skirt up.

”I got ya!” Daisy yelled as she grabbed the end of it and returned it to its original position. She then looked back to see a boy that had been staring before she could pull it back down. “God hates pervs you know!” She yelled at them, shaking her fist.

Amber blushed before responding. “Another reason to forget today... thanks Daisy.” She looked down to see that a damp patch was forming on Daisy’s pants. “Uh Daisy I think you have a problem of your own.” She said, motioning to her croch area.

Daisy looked down to observe the damage. “Opppsidasiy. I was sagging a bit in class, I guess I should have found a place to change. Oh well it’s a good thing I wear dark blue.” She said with a smile. “But it’s more important we get you home, we don’t want you tinkling on the ground in front of everybody.”

”Dont worry about me, after that disaster I shouldn’t be that full yet. If I get a feeling down there I should be able to hold it.”

Daisy looked at her with a puzzled face. “Ok... but.” She trailed off once she saw their dorm. “Oh good we’re here. My tummy is upset, I’ll need a change soon.”

They walked inside as Daisy’s face turned red. She let out a grunt causing Amber to turn around and look at her. “What are you doing?”

“I told you my stomach was hurting, so I need to-“

”Yeah I get that but why do it in here?” Amber interrupted. “Why not just do it in the bathroom?”

Daisy looked puzzled again. “How does that make any difference?”

“Wait you don’t do that in the toilet?” Amber asked.

“No. Should I?”

Amber looked on in disbelief. While most women lacked the ability to control their bladder, most of them would, given the opinion, poop in a toilet. While she does occasionally have trouble making it or just does it in her diaper because the changing room that she was in lacked a toilet, her and most girls had managed to mostly dedicate in changing rooms or toilets to avoid the inconvenience of walking around like that. “So you always just do it in your diaper whenever?”

”Yes, that’s how a lot of girls I know do it.”

Amber looked on and noticed that the wet spot on Daisy was also still growing. “Don’t you think trying to hold it for a second is a good idea.”

”umm... I was meaning to ask you about that. How do I do that?” Daisy said with a blank faced stare, showing that she wasn’t joking.

”So you don’t know how to hold it. Like hold anything at all?”

”Is that like what you were doing back in class?” Daisy asked

“Hey follow me to your bathroom.” Amber said as she walked up the stairs to Daisy’s room.

They walked in through her doorway and made their way back to her inside her bathroom. Amber looked around for a moment and saw that everything was the same as her bathroom, with the exception that the toilet seat was down and looked dusty, giving the impression that it hadn’t been used since the last occupant left. “This is what I meant, why don’t you use this?” Amber said as she motioned to the toilet. Seeing that drips had started falling from the ever growing stain on Daisy’s pants.

”Oh. I’ve never done anything like that outside of a diaper... well except if it come out in the bathtub, but that almost never happenes.” She said frankly.

”Well if you’re gonna pass that continence management class then you should probably start going in the toilet sometimes right now.” Amber said with a awkward look. Made even more awkward by the fact that Daisy was taking off her pants. “What are you doing?!”

”I need to change myself, and it’s just girls here so it’s fine if you see me naked right.”

“What kind of weirdo town do she come from?” Amber though to herself. Amber,despite her embarrassment, felt some responsibility for Daisy’s well being. If she didn’t even know how to use a toilet then she would probably fail the class. And she was her friend, even if they only knew each other for a short time. “Ok just lift that lid and sit down after you take you diaper off.”

Daisy threw the soaked diaper in the trash before complying. “This feels weird, i’m not used to not wearing a diaper when i’m not bathing.”

Amber diverted her gaze as Daisy sat down. “Ok now just squeeze like you do when you’re wearing a diaper.”

Daisy let out a slight grunt and say there for almost a minute. Both girls were getting a bit uncomfortable now. “Nothings coming out. It’s like when i’m in the tub.”

”you’ve got to be kidding me. This girl is a fountain most of the time and the second you take the diaper off she dries up like a California water reservoir.” Amber thought to herself.

Daisy set there for another minute squeezing until she heard the sound of water trickling out. Followed by a few big splashes. “It’s coming out now.” Daisy said.

”Yeah I heard...” Amber said as she rubbed her thighs together. “Just do this whenever you can instead of pooping in your diaper, it’s easier to clean up.”

“I don’t know if I’ll get used to doing this all the time, it feels weird to not have anything on me.” Daisy said looking up towards Amber, noticing that she had started fidgeting.

”Anyway that sound isn’t doing me any favors right now so i’m going back to my bathroom before I have accident Number 3 today.”

”But Wait how do I hold in pee if I can’t get to a toilet?” Daisy yelled

”You’ll figure it out!” Yelled Amber as she ran out of Daisy’s room.

*016*2018-12-27 03:10

{{1 hour ago, AliasnameTO said:

And well-deserved. MO I loved your story.

As good as this one is though (which is really enjoyable ) the spelling could be a lot better. It was my only problem-- lots of either misspelled or misused words. Getting those right is a small thing that makes a big difference in how your writing is perceived.

Looking forward to updates whenever they come.

}}

Thanks. This isn’t a dig at this site by any means but it’s hard to get criticism for your work. It’s nice to see someone pointing out the problems.

I do know that I have a problem with spelling or weird word choices on these, something I need to work on. I write these in one stream on consciousness draft at midnight so I tend to make mistakes and not realize when spellcheck doesn’t catch them. Once it’s all done I might have to go though and edit the grammar to post it somewhere else or on here or something.

*021*2018-12-30 05:41

{{17 hours ago, panther said:

I love this alternative universe

Nice story OP

I'd be very happy to proofread chapters for you in future, if that's something you want

}}

Thanks. If you're interesting I can message you the chapter after this once it's done.

*022*2019-01-31 09:01

Well... I feel like I own an explanation. Basically I have this thing where my interest in this sort of fetish runs hot and cold and, if I'm not in the mood, it's near impossible for me to write this. Parts of this were written during this time and it shows. There is no longer a clear end date for this, but I still intend to work on this as much as I can until it's finished. So prepare for a few parts over the course of the next week. Here's hoping I don't run into another dry spell until this is finished.

Part 4

The alarm clock buzzed obnoxiously as Amber rubbed her eyes. "Getting up early again for this stupid class. At least this one is on a Sunday so I can actually rest when i get home without worrying about another class." Amber sighed. She reached down between her legs to see if she had lasted the night, only to be greeted with a tale tale squish and the sight of a small puddle that had formed on the rubber sheet between her legs. "Again!" She groaned "Is it too much to ask that these things last a night?"

She got up and stripped her diaper off before setting down on her toilet to empty herself as much as possible before changing into a new one. She pushed for a second before a few drips flowed out into the water below her. "It must have happened right before I got up." She thought to herself. She stood up to clean herself off. "So, assuming I peed right before I woke up then that means I when from 11pm last night to 7pm today. That means my sleeping self held it for a little under 8 hours after not drinking much before bed. If I go to sleep one hour before I need too and set an alarm for half way through the night then I should be able to prevent this from happening again."

"Hey Amber" Yelled a voice from downstairs. "Are you ready?"

"Hold on Daisy!" Amber yelled back as she changed into one of her floral shirts. She went to grab a diaper before looking down to the box of training panties she was meant to be wearing but hadn't touched since her incident Thursday. "I won't drink anything until I get home. It will be OK!" she said to herself before pulling one up. She finished changing before running down the stairs outside of her room.

"Hey buddy!" Daisy yelled before grabbing Amber into a hug. "You ready to go now?" she said with a smile.

"Yeah sure." Amber said with a award smile. "Hey, why do you have to go to this class anyway? I thought you were taking the class online."

"Oh that." Daisy said. "After reading the form I had to fill out they said that I needed to attend a few classes, just until they think I know what i need to work on."

"Ok." Amber said. "By the way you've been doing what I told you the other day right?"

"Oh that." Daisy said with a slightly awkward smile. "I still don't have the hang of keeping it in. By the time I realize that I need to go I'm already peeing, but I'm mostly used to going in the toilet now."

"When was the last time you went?" Amber said with concern?

"Umm..." Daisy said before stopping for a second to think. "I think it was an hour ago, right after i got up and changed."

There conversation was cut off by the sound of Rebecca's door flying open as a shirtless man walked out. "See ya latter babe." he said as he looked back at a nearly naked Rebecca. She was technically clothed, but only wore a thin night shirt that was practically see through and a pair of men's boxers.

She waved back at him while she played with her hair. "See you latter Brocky." she said flirtatiously.

Daisy blushed and averted her eyes as the man walked past and zipped up the fly of his pants. "Lets get out of here Amber!" she said as she walked out the door.

The two of them walked down the sidewalk towards the building that their class was held in for a few minutes before the usually talkative Daisy broke the silence. "I can't believe what that- that..." Daisy trailed off, looking like she was trying to think of a nicer word than what came to mind.

"Bimbo?" Amber said.

"That Bimbo did! What kind of girl brings a boy into her room like that! I should report her the- the-... something!" Daisy shouted.

"It's not against the rules or anything. If you want to go to a school like this then you've got to get used to people doing things you don't like." Amber interjected.

"Well the least she could do is not have her shirtless boy toy running around where the rest of us live." Daisy said.

Amber looked up at the doors of campus the health and nursing building. "Looks like we're here."

They walked in before Daisy turned to the left as Amber walked toward the right. "Where are you going?" Daisy asked.

"My class is this way." Amber said.

"What." Daisy sighed. "My class is this way. I was hoping we'd have class together."

"Guess not." Amber said as she leaned up against the wall. She looked down to see that Daisy was shifting her wight from foot to foot and was holding her legs closer together than normal. "Hey Daisy. Are you ok?"

"Yeah why do you ask?"

"You might want to-" Amber said before being cut off by the sound of a bell.

Amber ran down the hall to the door on the end with a paper sign on the door. "WO 133 Advanced class 3. So they put me in the advanced class? " Amber though to herself as she walked through the door. Inside were a dozen or so other women, most of whom looked about her age. She sat down in the only open seat between a Japanese girl with hair that had been died pink and a tee shirt that looked like it was from a anime that she had never seen before and a brunette woman that looked somehow familiar to her, though she couldn't place from where. "Am I late?" Amber asked the girls setting next to her.

"Yes, but so is the teacher. So you're good." Replied the brunet.

"Oh good." Amber said with a sigh of relief. She stared at the woman she was talking to for a second before continuing. "Hey, I'm sorry to ask but do I know you from somewhere?"

"You a soccer fan? I joined the team here so that might be it." She replied.

"Oh that's it. I was trying out for the team before the semester started. I was hoping to qualify for a scholarship but that didn't work out." Amber replied with a sigh.

"Oh yeah I remember you, you were pretty good if i remember right. To bad you sprung a leak during tryouts."

"Yeah..." Amber said with a concealed somber tone. "They only let in girls that can hold it for a whole game."

"Oh that stinks." Replied the Japanese girl that was setting to the left of them. "I like soccer, but I can't play it. But I like watching it. One of my favorite anime is based off Soccer. Do any of you watch anime?" She said with a bubbly tone.

The two girls turned their heads to her and looked for a second before replying. "Uh... no." Amber replied.

"I don't watch cartoons." Replied the brunet.

"Oh. Ok." The girl replied as she looked away in disappointment.

Before anyone could think of another topic of discussion, the door few open as the teacher ran in. Amber recognized her, she was the same professor from the orientation she had to take. "Sorry I'm late class, I had to make a pit stop on the way here." She said ash she walked over to the seat in the middle of the group of students.

"My name is Miss Dunage, you can call me Clara. Now this isn't going to be a normal class. We have these on Sundays because we hold these pretty much all day, but each individual class only lasts about 30 minutes max. This is mostly just for reporting your progress and getting advice so you don't need to be here long, and having every new woman in the school taking the same class put a strain on the system when we tried to do this the normal way." She said as she gestured to the class. "Now the advanced classes are for anyone that can stop themselves from defecating and can detect their need to pee." She said doing her best not to make anyone in the class feel awkward. "Now I'm just going to ask everyone to tell us a bit about themselves and their situation as far as this goes."

"Well this will at least give me a chance to see how I compare to the others. Maybe I'm not much worse off than the others." Amber though to herself.

Before long, it was her row's turn to speak. The brunet Girl stood up to speak. "My name is Rose, I'm from New England, I play soccer, and if I'm being honest I don't see why I need to be here. I'm fine during the day. The only reason I wore diapers in my home town is because nowhere had a girl's bathroom. I've switched to underwear since I got here." She said in annoyed tone.

"You said during the day, how are you at night?" The professor replied.

Roses eyes when wide for a second before she averted them. "Ok so I still have a problem with bedwetting, but I'm fine the rest of the time." she said before setting down.

"Well we'll work on that problem, you'll be recycling that rubber sheet by the end of the semester." The professor said before gesturing to Amber.

Before Amber could stand up, the Japanese girl next to her shot up. "My Name is Hagakure NI- I mean Nico Hagakure. Sorry, still working on my English. I'm a Japanese exchange student. My favorite show is-"

"I'm sorry but we're running low on time, can you tell us about your situation as it pertains to the class?" The professor interrupted.

"Oh ok... I took a class like this in high school but it didn't turn out well. You can usually find girl's rooms in Japan if you look but the lines are so long that me and a lot of other girls just wear diapers. Going to the bathroom just takes too long so I just go in my diaper if I'm busy or not at home. I usually don't wet the bed but if it wakes me up i just go and take care of it in the morning." She said before setting down.

"No shame on this girl." Amber heard Rose mumble under her breath.

"Ok thank you, now it's your turn miss... James."

Amber slowly stood up before responding. "My name is Amber James. I'm a Marine Biology student. I can usually tell before I need to go but I have to run to the restroom pretty soon after that. I've tried Pot- Err Toilet training before so I know the general drill." Before she could continue, she felt a twinge in her bladder that told her that she needed to go soon. "Shit" she though to herself. Thankfully, the bell rang and people got up to leave.

Before Amber could follow them, the professor spoke up. "Wait Amber, could I speak with you for a moment?"

"Sure" Amber said with a forced smile as she walked back to set next to the teacher.

"So Amber, it says here that you're Ruby Jame's daughter. Is that true?" Clara said with a smile.

"Yes." Amber replied.

"Oh that's so cool! I'm sure you've heard about me then. We were roommates back in college."

"She doesn't talk about her old friends much." Amber said with a slightly aggravated tone.

"Oh..." Clara said with disappointment. "Well we were the best of friends back then. She was the one that convinced me to to start continence training, along with half the women at our school. We were always rallying support to fix something around the school. I remember the time we-"

"Miss Dunage." Amber interrupted. "I don't mean to be rude, but why did you want to talk to me?"

"Oh yes." She said while she opened Amber's folder. "It says here that you attempted Toilet training 3 separate times. That's fairly uncommon so, since I am your advisor, I thought that I would ask you about that."

Amber sighed and hunched over. "It's a long story OK" Amber mumbled.

"I just want to know about this so I can help you out. This isn't just another class, it's important for you as a person."

Amber leaned back to make herself more comfortable before explaining. "Well, my mom was never happy about me being in diapers. She didn't technically try training me until I was around 9, but even before that she did things like set me down on a boy's training potty whenever she went to the bathroom."

"Well that sounds supportive." Miss Dunage interjected.

"You would think so." Amber said. "around the time I turned 9 or so mom got serious about breaking me off diapers. For about a year or so, Mom would have me on a bathroom timer, a bedweting alarm, and some kind of "Bladder expansion training". If I went through more than two diapers a day then Mom would start taking the cost out of my allowance. So I stopped drinking anything when I wasn't at home. I played soccer at the time so I was always dehydrated. It stopped after I fainted during a game and my guidance concealer told her that this wasn't having a good effect on my well being."

Clara sat there for a moment, but Amber continued before she could say anything.

"The second time was when I was around 10 or 11. Mom decided to try diaper rationing and some other things to help, but that was after she and my dad got a divorce so Mom was only in charge for half of my time. Things continued on and off for a bit until Mom decided this was a fools errand so she decided to wait until later. Once my dad got arrested when I was around 13 she got full custody.

After that it was back to the rationing, forced hourly bathroom visits, Bladder training and everything else she could find online. After almost a year of this she was so aggravated with me that she put me in white pants and made me go daiperless in public." Amber paused for a moment as she crosses her legs. "It worked for almost a week, she was so happy with that progress that she bought me a few pairs of panties. But..." Amber said as her tone turned a bit more somber. "She brought me to see a 3D showing of Finding Nemo at our local theater. I was so happy watching the movie that I didn't realize when I needed to pee and before I knew it I was setting in a puddle."

"Oh don't feel bad" Clara said in a comforting tone. "Everyone knows that girls don't develop proper bladder control until they're 17 or so. It happens to everyone at that age."

"Apparently my Mom didn't believe that. Every since then she just gave up on me. It's why I moved out as soon as I turned 18."

They both sat there in silence for a moment before Amber felt another twitch from her bladder. "If it's OK miss Dunage, can I go now?"

"Hold on for a second." Clara said. "I just want to remind you to download the app for that alarm you got. It messages you reminders, helps measure bladder capacity, and a whole bunch of other stuff that should help you out."

"Thanks" Amber said as she made her way hastily to the door.

"Also just try and hold off on going to the bathroom as long as you think you can, it helps get your body use to not just letting it all out whenever it likes." Clara said as Amber walked out the classroom door.

Amber walked down the hall to the girl's bathroom. "Well hopefully I should be able to avoid any embarrassment today." She walked through the doors and saw Daisy getting out of one of the Stalls.

"Hey Amber!" Daisy yelled.

"Hey Dais."

"Hey I want you to see something." Daisy said as she lifted her skirt, revealing a yellow duck print diaper.

"Yeah that's great..." Amber said awkwardly. "Why are you showing me this?" She said as she looked to the stalls behind Daisy.

"Don't you see? It's dry. I made it through class this time, I was even able to hold it for a few minutes after i realized what it was." Daisy said with a smile.

"that's great Dais." Amber said with a genuine smile.

"Anyway, I'm heading back to our dorm. Are you coming with me?

"Yeah just hold on a..." Amber trailed off as she remembered the advice that her teacher had gave her. "You know what, yeah I'm ready!" The two of them walked out of the building and towards home.

"So how did class go?" Daisy asked.

"Ok, there are some weird people in my class. You?"

"It was pretty boring. There were a couple of girls that needed a change during class and had to leave.There was one that didn't know how to change himself." Daisy replied.

"Wait really?" Amber said "Who doesn't know how to do that at our age?"

"Yeah. There was also a man there, that made things a little awkward."

"Wait." Amber said holding up her hand to her head. "Ive never heard of a guy in diapers before."

"He said that he's from a country in South America where no men are potty trained." Daisy said.

"What? I didn't even know that was a thing." Amber said with a confused expression. She felt another whine come from her bladder, causing her to press her thighs together for a second. "Hey Dais you mind if we change the subject?"

"Oh sure." Daisy said. "So what do you think about Quantum conciseness theory?"

"Uhhhh, What?" Amber asked.

"Basically it's the theory that all of human conciseness is- Oh wait there's the dorm." Daisy said as the sight of their building distracted her.

"Oh good, anyway I'm heading to my room." Amber said as she ran up the stairs. She quickly sprinted to her door and fiddled around in her purse to find her keycard. She felt a strong jolt come from her bladder this time, letting her know that she wouldn't last long. "Come on. Come on!" she said to her self. She shuffled through the pockets of her purse a=for a minute or two before she finally found what she was seeking. "Thank God!"

She unlocked her door and ran to the bathroom. She stripped of her clothes and diaper before pausing. She remembered what she was told earlier and decided to see how long she could last. She sat her clothes down on top of her rubber sheet and sat on them naked with the exception of a white bra and a pair of socks. She sat her hands to her side and spread her legs as wide as she could. "If I pee now it'll stain my clothes, hopefully this will give me an incentive to hold it for another minute or two."

She sat there for a minute, then two, then five, her bladders cry for release growing ever more present the longer she sat there, "Come on you can do it, if you let go now you'll have a huge mess to clean up. You can do it Amber!" She said to herself. She looked over to her clock to see how much time had passed. "Ok it's been seven minutes now, I can make it another 3." She sad there as her body began to quiver. This wasn't just a mater of training herself now, she was starting to enjoy it. She struggled against the desire to hold herself and cross her legs as the 9 minute mark passed. "I can do this." She thought to herself." She felt a small amount of moisture escape from her onto her skin, not enough to drip down but enough to be noticed.

She looked over to the clock to see that the 10 minute mark was nearly here. "I guess I should get up now." She stood up and put her hands to her side as she slowly walked to the toilet, fighting every urge to jam her hands between her legs. She squatted down as the timer passed 10, leading to her releasing a hot stream into the water below before her bum could meet the seat. She leaned back and let out a satisfied sigh. "I've never felt so good pissing in my life."

*024*2019-02-01 00:12

Hey everyone. Just a quick few questions because I won’t be adding to this today and might not have a chapter tomorrow.

How, other than obvious grammar issues that I need to start proofreading for, do you think I can improve this?

What aspect of the premise, a world where women aren’t potty trained, do you think I could expand upon more?

What character that you’ve seen so far so you want to see more of?

Do you want me to go into Amber’s past more or just leave it as is?

Do you want me to actually show anything about the guy Daisy mentioned in the last chapter or just leave him as a gag?

How fast do you think Amber’s training should go? I have my ideas on this but I want to hear yours.

Is Daisy’s character getting annoying? The idea was to have a character that constantly surprises the reader with weird contradictions, but im worried that might just be irritating after a while.

Do you care at all about seeing Amber’s parents? Her mother specifically is just a sort of overbearing lawyer that projects onto her daughter. The reason that Amber is a habitual over achiever (something that’ll become apparent in the next chapter, I haven’t found a good spot to go into that yet) is because she wanted a daughter that she could brag about to her friends. That’s why she spent so much time trying to potty train her at a age that’s impossible in this universe. Also she’s a occasional bedwetter that hides it from everyone if you care about that. The only reason I explain that is too see if there’s interest or if it would be a wast of time.

And this is more a question about forum rules but how much sexual content is allowed in a story outside of fetish specific stuff. I know masturbation is fine, but what else beyond that? Sorry I couldn’t find the place for the sub rules, feel free to point it out and make me look stupid.

