Raphtalia's Road Trip (Rewrite)

Author: nilla

*000*2020-09-04 18:55

$$

Raphtalia's character design for those who haven't seen the anime !!

Due to a lot of requests for a continuation, I've decided to rewrite and finish a fic I posted about a year ago! It'll have a total of 3 parts, which will be posted soon! Thank you all much for the support, and I hope that you enjoy the first part!!

Raphtalia's Road Trip (Part 1/3)

To say that Raphtalia loved Naofumi would be an understatement. She had never bonded with someone so sincerely after losing her family and being forced into serItvitude. Her childhood was fuzzy and distant, hard to remember. There were so many empty days, as she sat lifelessly behind bars. Seeing Naofumi look at her with that piercing gaze had been the first time she had felt anything in so long. She felt so nervous, afraid, as his eyes bore into hers. She hadn’t expected someone like him to have chosen her. She knew she was weak, and frail. She knew that there were better options than a lowly demihuman. So why? This question filled her thoughts day after day.

Naofumi was an unexpectedly kind master. Although he would often push her to her limits, she knew it was because he wanted her to become stronger. For his sake, and for her own. It was hard not to develop a friendship, and eventually stronger emotions for the kind man that had saved her that day. As her body grew and she developed into a fierce warrior, her love for her master only grew as well. All she wanted was to be taken seriously by him, for him to see her as more than his sword. She wanted him to appreciate her as a woman, to stop looking at her like she was a child.

The worst part of it was that Naofumi always kept track of her bathroom habits. She still remembered it vividly, the first night he had taken her home. She fell asleep, plagued by nightmares, and woke up with soaked sheets. Naofumi was the one who had to comfort her, holding her small body close as she cried. He cleaned up her mess and helped her change her clothes, as well. Ever since then, Naofumi had always made sure to check that she answered nature's call before bed, or if they were traveling.

It was incredibly embarrassing, how was she supposed to prove that she was mature and grown up if Naofumi was always fixated on her bathroom habits. It made her feel childish, and so Raphtalia made a promise to herself. She would not relieve herself in front of Naofumi, and prove to him that she wasn’t the little girl that had wet the bed anymore. Mature ladies did not need bathroom breaks, and Raphtalia wanted to prove to Naofumi that she was a mature woman, a woman fit to stand by his side.

With those thoughts in mind, Raphtalia stood up and stretched. It seemed like every morning, her thoughts revolved around her beloved master. She yawned quietly, her soft pinkish eyes bleary from the morning light, and her head fuzzy. She rubbed her eyes tiredly, willing herself to wake up. She had a long day ahead of her.

Raphtalia’s train of thought was interrupted when she felt something nudge her milky thigh. Right, the other fundamental flaw in her attempt to get Naofumi to be interested in her romantically. Her “little-sister,” a filolial with the creative name Filo. The little bird girl was a constant thorn in her side, interrupting her and butting in whenever Raphtalia tried to get closer to Naofumi.

“Good morning, Nee-chan.” Filo murmured sleepily, fumbling around in bed for a moment before flopping out ungracefully and landing on her feet. Raphtalia envied her carefree nature, sliding out of bed at a much slower pace, and stretching again when she had stood up. Her change in positions made her aware of an issue, or rather, a certain pressure in her abdomen. Best to take care of that now.

“I’m going to wake master up!” Filo practically shouted, interrupting Raphtalia’s train of thought. She would’ve protested and demanded that she wake Naofumi instead, but her mind was focused on other matters. The shout had startled her quite a bit, causing a momentary lapse in control. Her bladder panged desperately, and she pressed her soft thighs together, squirming slightly.

Filo had already run off, so now was her chance to run to the bathroom. She didn’t waste the opportunity, taking careful steps towards the bathroom. The second she closed the door, she shoved a hand in-between her legs, and squirming around frantically. Her fluffy tail swished back and forth, and she closed her eyes, focusing on keeping everything in. The wave passed, and she didn’t waste the little bit of relief, rushing to the toilet and pulling her panties down. Since she was wearing a nightgown, she didn’t have to worry about removing any other layers.

Raphtalia sighed in relief as she let out a steady stream, her entire body relaxing against the toilet. Her tail started wagging slowly, an embarrassing habit that she hadn’t been able to drop.

She finished up quickly, wiping herself dry and pulling her panties back up. She washed her hands and looked at her reflection in the mirror, smiling at herself. No leaks, she could tell this was going to be a good day!

