Nowhere To Go

Author: Nikeryda

*000*2017-05-04 01:20

Still getting into the whole writing thing so any feedback is welcomed. This is kinda short but I'll most likely continue it at some point.

Rachel works as a receptionist for a company in the next city over. She is a 23 year old brunette with slightly above average looks. Her outfit consisted of a white blouse, black heels, and a gray skirt. The only jewelry she wore was a silver watch she'd gotten as a gift years ago. Rachel is currently on a train heading home from work. There was only one problem, she had to pee.

It had been a late night at work for Rachel and she hadn't gotten a chance to use the bathroom all day. Normally this wouldn't be a problem with her huge bladder, but staying late meant she had to hurry to the train station without a bathroom break.

It was a five minute walk to the station from where she worked but the train was leaving in four. She had to run as fast as she could with her full bladder to make it in time. Along the way she lost a few drops but managed to hold on for the most part.

When she go to the station the train hadn't arrived yet. She had to find somewhere to pee, she was never going to last the whole ride back to her house. The bathrooms at the station were locked to prevent homeless from sleeping in them. Even if they were unlocked she might miss the train by going inside.

She hastily looked around trying to find a solution but a fountain in the middle of the station kept distracting her. The sound of water was making her bladder muscles even weaker. If only she could let out just a little to take the edge off, but where would she go. She kept looking and eventually her eyes landed on the fountain again. Maybe she could use the water to her advantage.

Walking over she removed her panties and adjusted her skirt. She decided that sitting on it like a toilet would be the best option. This way she wouldn't make a mess. Rachel was just about to relax but she hesitated. Could she really pee like this?

She realized she didn't have a choice if she wanted to stay dry. Now was the perfect time for her to go. No one else was around and there wouldn't be any evidence. Relaxing she let out a big squirt. The loud splashing noise made her stop almost immediately. Overcoming the shock she let go again, prepared this time. A longer squirt lasting almost 5 seconds this time hit the water below.

She was about to let out even more but the train had arrived. Hurrying to get on she regained some control over her bladder. This wouldn't last for long though. She hadn't released nearly enough into the fountain. Boarding the train she figured she'd just have to hold it.

Rachel was lucky and got the whole carriage to herself. She could hold herself without worrying about anyone else seeing. Her bladder felt even more full than before. It felt like a water balloon ready to pop. Waves of desperation were hitting her as the ride continued.

Over the next 5 minutes, the waves kept coming. Each one was worse than the last getting closer and closer to release. Rachel was barely holding on at this point when an especially big wave hit her.

Her urethra relaxed and let out a little pee. Only a few drops managed to escape before she stopped the flow but they had felt like heaven. Her damp panties were making holding it even harder and there was still over 30 minutes left until the train arrived at her stop. She'd never be able to hold on that long.

A couple minutes later another wave hit her. She couldn't stop it in time and let out a small squirt lasting a few seconds. It was enough to completely soak her panties and leave a small mark on her skirt. She had to do something and fast or she would completely wet herself.

Maybe she could let out just a little more like before. Just enough to hold on again of course. She glanced around again to make sure she was still alone and only saw empty seats. It was an old train without cameras so she didn't have to worry about anyone seeing.

Removing her panties Rachel walked to seats a few rows behind her. She pulled up her skirt and leaned forward slightly so the stream would hit the back of the seat. It was harder to get started without the water noises but eventually, she got going.

The relief was orgasmic as the loud hissing noise filled the cabin. After peeing full force for 5 seconds she cut off the stream groaning. She didn't want to stop but the seat was already soaked. It seemed the cheap fabric wasn't very good at absorbing anything. There wasn't anywhere else she could pee so she simply moved to a new seat.

She repeated this 3 more times until she had finally regained control of her bladder. It was much easier to hold now since the edge was taken off. Hopefully, it would be enough for Rachel to make it home in time...

*002*2017-05-05 01:44

{{23 hours ago, Bellatrix1 said:

This is so good

}}

Thanks!

