Wetting accident in leggings during a long profitable shift

Author: Nandw

*000*2023-01-04 22:36

It seems that a young girl between 18 and 25 years old who works in her bedroom office at home, after losing some sales to the competition every time she took bathroom breaks, and for not wanting to pay anyone to work with her, not knowing if would be reliable and competent to help her, so she thought:

I need to be an adult! I'm not a little girl anymore! It's my profits that are at stake, I'm going to take a lot of water to hydrate my throat during the service and I'm only going to urinate after the end of the day.

It is easy to see that the bathroom is right behind her inside the room itself, and for this reason she believed that if she had an emergency during a customer service, she would just hold her crotch and that she would not have any accidents and urinate quickly between breaks in the bathroom. attendance.

Focused on work, time passed, she was drinking water and her bladder, of course, was distending.

In the beginning it seemed pleasant and pleasurable to feel the bladder distending, all she had to do was massage the clitoris and soon she would feel that hard-on that helped her hold urine longer and that no customer would notice, even if the service was via video conference.

The workday ended, but the temptation not to stop answering and to stand out from the competition by prolonging the workday followed by the pleasure of a distended bladder seemed to be combining the useful with the pleasant, but the massages started to give him more of that hard-on that helped to holding everything, her panties and leggings were wet with vaginal fluid and her poor bladder was starting to hurt a lot from being so full having little leaks of urine to an unbearable level and famously holding her groin started.

Customer goes customer comes, answer here, answer there, it's on chat, it's on social media and video calls, the pain is increasing a lot but the profits seem to be booming that day. The girl couldn't even do the potty dance. In fact, she couldn't even get up from the chair anymore, it seemed that her bladder was literally tearing as if it were a muscle strain after a poorly done stretch, she was starting to sweat cold, shake, have chills, chills and cry softly from being so tight, twisting so that no one else makes any calls or calls. But the calls didn't stop.

Then she thought:

I've been wearing these leggings for a couple of days and every time I stop to pee there's a potential buyer with no customer service...

I'm not going to leave my customers on hold or lose my focus on sales, hire someone else or think about it, they won't do the job well done like I do. I'm going to use this to make double money and maybe I can get up and go to the bathroom quickly without getting wet and still release mother nature's yellow nectar! I will continue to serve and sell at my fixed job from home and still earn extra money with my desperation!

I'm going to turn on my cell phone and film my despair, and if I leak it, I can still sell the video on some ponography site. Men will love it!

Finally she tried to get up several times to go to the bathroom but the leak increased every time she tried to stand up and still had a customer in the call center asking her a question while she thought about answering him as soon as possible.

Unfortunately she couldn't do either one or the other, so she leaked a little right there, wet her leggings and panties and the seat of the chair. She tried to hold it in after leaking a little, but it seems that her bladder was begging for relief and wanted to rest after so many hours of torture.

The camera was filming her every leak, and if she didn't show her face when posting the sale video, nobody would know who she was.

So she sat in the chair, let it flow and had a peegasm which was wonderful, however she had to massage her bladder which even though it was empty still seemed to be in pain.

She had already been working for 12 hours when the calls finally started to decrease and most of them were not even to help with the purchases, but to hear complaints from customers in the mailbox and e-mails, dissatisfied that they could not be answered because the central service was congested, requiring the girl to invest more in bandwidth to avoid the traffic shaping of the server she used to make her calls.

After the end of the day she went to the bathroom and took off her leggings and panties, which were wet with urine and vaginal fluid. So she masturbated, took a shower, did the laundry, made dinner, and went to bed with a sore bladder and promised herself that she would never again put her health at such high risk for money, but that she liked it. of the experience while the pain did not exist and she felt horny when massaging the vulva, as it was the exaggerated end of retaining many liquids for a long time beyond her capacity that would have left her a little traumatized.

Wetting accident in leggings during a long profitable shift.mp4

*002*2023-01-09 05:03

{{7 hours ago, GreenChile said:

Ótima história e vídeo incrível 🤩, ela poderia trabalhar no meu escritório a qualquer hora, bebidas grátis, mas sem ir ao banheiro😉

}}

Thank you very much!

Glad you visited my profile and liked the story!

Please share this story with as many people as possible! 🙌👍😁

*004*2023-01-09 11:18

{{4 minutes ago, StNick said:

Boa história! De onde é o vídeo?

}}

Hello, the source of the video is unknown because it is one of those amateur profile videos where the person deletes the account but people share and download it.

The video is old but the story was invented by me to make the weather warmer!

I'm glad you liked it, don't forget to follow me to receive new notifications and share.

