Marvel/MCU Stories - Page 3

Author: NothingLeft

*073*2021-05-02 22:46

Jane Foster

I Don't Care!

Saskatchewan, Canada

“Jane, why does everywhere in Canada have something named after royalty?” Darcy asked from the backseat of the quiet van. She was lying across the seats on her back, throwing and catching a small remote for a device. “Is it because they were part of England?” Jane Foster, acclaimed meteorologist, expert consultant for the government agency, S.W.O.R.D and ex-girlfriend of God Of Thunder, Thor, sat in her van’s front seat, driving down a dusty, empty road in Saskatchewan after conducting a series of experiments around a lake in Prince Albert. Darcy Lewis, who was Jane’s assistant, colleague, best friend and recently-graduated astrophysicist doctor was bored out of her damn mind as she laid across the back seat of Foster’s van.

Jane was quiet for a moment in the driver’s seat, processing what Darcy had asked her. She looked into the rearview mirror to the other woman with a questioning stare. As if she sensed it, Darcy met eyes with her through the mirror. After a moment of staring passed, Darcy threw and caught the remote again before asking,

“What?”

“Darcy, America came from the British, just like Canada.” Jane’s eyes returned to the road, but it wasn’t like there was any substantial threat she would have missed- except for perhaps an animal, there had been several run-ins with those. They had just left Saskatoon, Saskatchewan from their two-way trip to Prince Albert, and were now headed to Moose Jaw, then to Regina to catch a plane back to New York. Needless to say, the Canadian roads were sparse- if not entirely empty. Out one window was a field of maize and out the other was a field filled with rolls of hay, freshly baled. If there was a “middle of nowhere”, this was certainly it.

“Well, yeah I know that, but at least we got our own independence. Doesn’t Canada still have to answer to the Queen, or something?” The woman responded, resuming her tossing of her remote. Jane mulled over the girl’s words, but didn’t get a chance to speak. “‘N, don’t answer that, that was rhetorical.” Jane just scoffed when Darcy sat up with another question.

“And how Canadian is it to name a place frickin’ ‘Moose Jaw’?” Jane smiled as she quickly thought of an answer to that.

“Probably about as American as it is to name a state ‘New Mexico’.” Darcy chuckled at that before flopping back down onto the leather seat of the van. “Where are we?” She asked, craning her neck, but not getting up, to look out Jane’s window despite the fact that the scenery outside hadn’t changed for over twenty minutes. Just the same rolling fields. Jane puffed a breath out.

“Uh…” To tell the entire truth, Jane only knew where they were going, but their current location? A road between two fields, but in a province like Saskatchewan that description was practically useless. “Saskatchewan? We’re on the road, but it’ll probably be another… I don’t know, two hours?” The meteorologist guessed. They had left the town of Saskatoon barely twenty minutes ago after a pit stop for a bite to eat and a bathroom break- of which Jane had to skip because her GPS had started freaking out for some reason- and now it was a long, long drive ahead of them.

“Two hours?” Darcy cried, the remote in the air loosing from her grasp and bouncing on her clothed, substantial chest before clattering to the floor. Her hands moved to her face, running down it as she groaned melodramatically. “Good god… Are we close to another rest stop, or a highway or anything?” Jane looked back to her GPS, but the machine was growing less and less reliable. Sometimes, the dot indicating their location decided to stop moving, to zip ahead or to the side or just move improperly. Jane smacked it somewhat softly with an open hand.

‘Now that did it, Foster.’

Just after her slap, the screen blacked. Jane's eyes went wide, not leaving the screen for a solid thirty seconds. Darcy, perked up from the sound, sat up, putting her weight on her palms behind her as she craned her neck. Her eyes took on a heavy glaze of disbelief when she saw what Jane had done.

“Jane… Did you just kill the gee-pee-ess?” The older woman shook her head, repeatedly opening and closing her mouth as if she had an explanation. Over Jane’s sputtering, Darcy answered her own question. “You killed our GPS. Jane, you-”

“Yes, okay, I didn’t mean to!” Jane sighed, tightening her grip on the wheel before her and resettling her eyes on the dusty Canadian road. “‘N besides, I know our way. Not like there’s many other roads to distract us.” Darcy, releasing another overly theatrical, overly sarcastic groan that held itself for several seconds, collapsed back onto the seat.

“W’ll thank god there was a rest stop!” The woman cried, scouring the floor of the van for the remote she had dropped. Jane looked to the woman through her mirror, her brow knitting.

“What d’you mean?”

Darcy looked up from the floor, meeting Jane’s eyes in the mirror. “I mean that I wouldn’t have been able to hold it for two hours in that state I was in then- I was, like, on the verge there. Wha’did you think?”

Jane was once again speechless at Darcy’s question, indeed not quite sure what she had expected. She broke their gaze, subconsciously rubbing her thighs together. The break of contact allowed Darcy to find the remote she was looking for. Jane had an answer to Darcy's previous question, just not one she felt overly comfortable sharing. She had known Darcy a long time, she loved her dearly, but there were personal things even she didn’t need to know. Jane had a reputation with Darcy to uphold, as between the two of them, she was the more responsible one. The more logical to Darcy’s emotional. The straightforward to Darcy’s sarcastic and veiled. But, an encroaching realization threw much of what Jane thought divided the two of them out the window.

Unlike Darcy, apparently, Jane felt a dull pulse below her beltline. Not a throb, nothing much stronger than a light poke, really, but something that made Jane’s throat dry for a moment. Eventually, she would have to pee, and the sudden dense pull she felt between her hips noted it as something that may happen in the next two hours. Behind Jane, and unaware to her sudden blight, Darcy exclaimed in confidence as she grasped the remote she had dropped- it had tumbled under Jane’s seat- and pulled herself back up. She laid on her back, boredom suddenly growing in her mind.

Jesus, two hours. She really was grateful she had gone at the rest stop, because even then her need had been pretty damn bad. But another two hours? No, not possible, but thanks for asking. Her mind, on the topic of close calls, dredged up a story, and storytelling always murdered her boredom. And besides, Jane had to have gone at that rest stop when she hadn’t been looking, so this would be fine to describe.

“Hey Jane, did I ever tell you about a time I nearly pissed myself?”

Jane nearly swerved off the road, as even the barest mention of… an accident was enough to send her mind off the deep end. Her need was hardly bad enough to warrant worrying about an accident too fruitfully, but mentioning sure wasn’t going to put it to rest.

“Woah! What the hell was that, Jane?” Jane, however, was preoccupied in an attempt to regain her breathing. Her thighs had clamped together, despite her desperation being only moderately noticeable. Jane, thinking quickly of something, anything to explain her swerve, shakily replied,

“Oh, I, uh… squirrel, in the… in the road. She was taken aback by her sudden need, worried and now anxious if they’d make it to Moose Jaw in time for her… need.. “And no, Darcy, I-I don’t think so, but-”

“Oh, w’ll it’s a good one.” Damn you, Darcy. Jane sighed when she acknowledged that there was no stopping Darcy when she wanted to tell a story, it was something she had long become accustomed to. So, she settled for moving a hand from the wheel to just grasping her inner thigh, hoping the story didn’t revolve too much around needing to pee.

“Okay, so, S.W.O.R.D. called for me and this eff-bee-eye guy- who was older than me, but still really cute? Like, he could do this cool magic trick, where he flipped his eye-dee out, that was cool. Anyway, so we had to investigate this weird energy signature in the New York ruins, right? I thought it was just residual Infinity Energy. But, it turns out, when Wanda nearly, y’know, won the whole freakin’ thing, she imbued the ruins with a lot of her red magic stuff.” Darcy leaned back in her seat, playing around almost cluelessly with her remote. Jane steadily breathed a sigh of, perhaps not relief, but something in that vein as Darcy continued on with this rather vanilla story… So far.

“So we collect samples ‘n everything, but then we have to go back and tell them what all our notes mean, cause they’re a bunch ‘a idiots. But, the road back, was way longer than I thought!”

Oh no.

“So before we leave, he goes off to take a leak. I didn’t think the drive would be that long, so I, y’know, didn’t- and besides, I kindah wanted to stick it to the tiny-bladdered -eff-bee-eye guy.” From the backseat Darcy clasped her hands together and leaned forward, tucking the remote against her stomach. “Right, so we’re on the road, just making’ small talk an’ everything, when I feel, this… Like a wave come from my stomach, right?” As if on command, Jane’s bladder pulsed against her belt.

She just sucked her lips in and nodded. “And I think ‘Oh, I, er, it can’t be that bad,’' Darcy paused, raising her hands to her temples. “I should’ve known I had to go, because my bladder-” she clenched her fists and spoke through her teeth, despite a laugh coming through her “- is really frickin’ small!" She whined a little bit with her words. "I don’t know what it is, but I just…” She sighed, collecting the proper words. Meanwhile, Jane felt her bladder worm against her belly, tapping against her conscience every so often, just to let her know that this was eventually going to be a problem. Of course, the GPS didn’t work anymore, so she could no longer find out where another rest stop was. Though, there had to be another, right?

Right?

Darcy found her words.

Oh no.

“Doesn’t matter how little I drink, I swear to God it goes right through me! Like, I drink water, and it just drips right into my bladder, y’know?” Jane swallowed, looking into the rearview mirror to Darcy, praying the girl was finished, or would be soon. Jane’s thighs were clenched together, her urethra burning as the constant talk and thought of peeing and sweet release was making Jane so much more desperate so much faster than normal. But, to Jane’s despair, Darcy wasn’t done. Jane knew she wasn’t; Darcy, when she was bored, was a real chatterbox. And she seldom liked to drop topics before she well and deeply conversed most of it.

“What was I… Right- So I feel a wave from my bladder, but I felt so dumb for not going at the site- even though there wasn’t anywhere to go, I am a lady-” 'Yeah, sure, the most ladylike woman I have ever met'.”- so I don’t bring it up. I don’t wanna look like a douche in front of the eff-bee-eye, especially when I’m the one who wasted a chance to whiz.”

It then dawned on Jane, in a case of cosmically bullying irony, that Darcy’s tale and her own predicament seemed to be the same line. Like Darcy, Jane had passed up going at the rest stop, now finding herself in need of another. Underneath the heavy building mass between her thighs, Jane felt a hot streak of shame singe across the back of her neck. Jane wasn’t usually regarded as a shy woman, but she did have some ladylike standards, and she felt foolish for not considering her bladder earlier. How had she even ended up here?

Well… A bottle… No, two… Three? The hours had been a blur, she wasn’t actually sure how much water she had consumed during their little trip for research. But, when the van rocked from a thick stone rolling under the front driver-side tire, the heave and drop of her cautious bladder told her it had been enough to take up considerable space between her legs.

“So,” Darcy continued, looking out the front passenger side window, “I sit in my seat. The road back to the big facility was quiet, we didn’t really talk much after I realized, so I just… sat there, and God, I could only focus on how bad every minute made it. Like, every pothole and rock, I thought I would just… burst, I thought I would just drench the seat!” Oh God. Jane’s jaw tightened, as did her thighs- as tight as they could with her foot on the pedal- at the mention of drench, at the torturous way Darcy dragged it out between her lips. For a moment, Jane swore against whoever the Hell invented the word. Drench. The squelch-y sound it had made her think all too readily of the squelch of wet fabric- which was a thought very, very unconducive to her objective right now.

‘Don’t drench the seat.’ She thought evocatively, though the mind’s pronunciation of the word created a dull, bubbling pang below her stomach. Snapping back to the present, Jane could only bate her breath, nodding to Darcy’s words. She didn’t want to cut Darcy off, she felt she had been snappy enough at the lake as it had been. But, she had been too nonverbal for Darcy not to notice something- for how often she seemed to be unobservant, she often proved the opposite quite a bit more.

“Mm-hm.” Jane mumbled with taut lips. “So, how did you… make it?” She chose her wording carefully, feeling her free leg jiggle in a twitch of building need. Her palm clutched her thigh a little tighter.

“Mm? Well, when we were getting close, it was getting really hard to hold it-” 'Oh god, don’t say that! That’s the worst thing you could say! Don’t say that again!' “- so I was getting really bouncy,” Darcy bounced in her seat, likely for emphasis. “Oh, but it was hurting by then. There was one rock, actually, where I felt a little leak out- oh God, I felt so embarrassed! He couldn’t see it, but just the thought of ‘oh crap, I just peed myself a little!’”

Jane’s eyes shot open, her knuckles cracking when they gripped the steering wheel. Her world slowed down, like the ultimate clock was being pulled back. The van was silent, Darcy had disappeared, Saskatchewan was a distant thought. Jane felt her pulse against her temples. In her chest. Behind her eyes. In her fingers. In her toes. In her tongue. In her hips, her bladder and her urethra. She felt her tongue suddenly suck every possible atom of moisture from her mouth and her throat. But, on top of all the senses she had blasting through her body, they were deafened by one silent sensation;

A spider-like tickle wrapped down her thigh, scalding wetness soaking into her panties as it pooled in the crease between her butt and the meat of her thigh. It hardly blotted her panties, never in a thousand years visible on her jeans, but Darcy’s words, the words that had so damningly sparked the trickle, rang true through the meteorologist’s mind:

‘Oh my god, I just pissed myself a little.’

Jane was suddenly slingshot back into her seat. Darcy’s voice reappeared. The whispering sound of her van’s tires on cracked, rough concrete. The sensation of moisture in her mouth, the seat on her back…

The liquid ever so lightly moistening her crotch.

“From there, I swear to God, my body tried to give up. Every bump after that, it was like being stabbed,” she spoke through her teeth, “and I’m pretty sure I leaked every other stab. Luckily, none made it through… In the van, at least.”

‘Darcy, please, I love you, but stop, please!’

“Finally, after feeling my lady bits heat up like a furnace, he stops the truck. He hops out, but I’m there another thirty seconds. Y’know, I’d open my thighs, and then Niagara. Game over, man. I get myself together, and slowly get out. I just… Couldn’t anymore.”

‘BAD DARCY, DON’T SAY IT.’

“I stood there, in the middle of a government-owned parking lot, my hands in my crotch as I try not to explode. I couldn’t move, I felt like it was right there, I felt like I was screwed!” Jane felt her bladder throb, Darcy’s vivid explanation only intensifying her need. “But, there were these big metal crates, real close together, but big enough to fit between,” ‘Oh God, Darcy, stop fucking talking.’ “I was barely holding it just standing there, no way in Hell I was getting to a bathroom.” Jane’s heart sunk at the words, hoping her eventuality would end differently from Darcy’s tale.

“So, I pretty much booked it.” Darcy popped her lips, folding her hands before her and suddenly becoming very fascinated by the remote in her lap once more, though she didn’t touch it. “Big mistake. The entire time, there was leak after leak. It felt like pouring boiling water on my lady bits, it sucked.” Oh, Jane only knew too well how much it sucked, as she barely stifled a whine when another leak sprouted from her slowly tiring lips. “By the time I got there, it already looked like I hadn’t made it.”

The girl moved her hands, running them on the insides of her thighs to illustrate her words. “It was aaaaall down my thighs- and it was so freakin’ warm, my butt was on fire, and I swear my kidneys were drowning. By then, I couldn’t stop leaking.” Jane hissed, almost inaudibly, when a leak- longer and hotter than the others- pierced through her quivering defenses. Darcy was making her situation worse and worse, and if this kept up, soon there wouldn’t be a bladder situation for her to escalate.

“Y’know when you were a kid, and you would try and stop the faucet with your hand?” Jane cringed at the comparison, nodding through the constriction in her tummy. Darcy hissed through her teeth before whispering, “yeah, it was like that. So, pretty much already… y’know, flooding, I just shoved my pants down, and…”

The moan that left Darcy, filled with relief as she flopped against the back of her seat. Her head fell back, her eyes closed in the sheer euphoria of remembrance. Her lips, shiny and red, parted, her tongue resting nearly dead still at the edge of her mouth. Her hands fell to her thighs, gripping the substantial meat with raking nails. “And god, the sound,” she emphasized, her eyes staying closed. With her mouth, Darcy reenacted a violent, rupturing hiss; wet, hard and relieving. Jane couldn’t stop it.

There was a violent push from her bladder, all too eager to mimic the sound. It was hellish, beyond all description except esoteric. Darcy didn’t hear it, but it was all Jane could hear. A thick, sultry, fervid squirt of molten urine splattered into the seat of Jane’s panties. But it was just a little too much. With wide eyes, Jane stared in boiling mortification as a dark spot, highlighted by an incandescent glow of light, suddenly soaked into the crotch of her jeans, widely seeping deeper and darkening her butt. A clench, harder than any she had ever naturally had to muster in her goddamn life, stopped what- perhaps once, could have been a manageable load- was now a writhing, searing, angry balloon of magmatic urine, spreading her hips apart like a god’s most intense force, with the intention of escaping her whether she was in the right place for it or not.

“Oh, god, I didn’ care that, like, half of it got on my pants.” She snorted before correcting herself. “In my pants, because I didn’t actually squat down or anything. I just… stood there, with everything out in the open as this lava-hot pee just… flew down my legs. The feeling of my bladder getting smaller and smaller as everything drained out, it was like…” The girl stopped herself with a blissed groan, pausing her words for a moment, as if she had almost said something she’d regret. “It felt really, really damn good.”

Jane couldn’t stop herself, her propriety collapsing around her as another leak threatened the cracking dam that was her exhausting urethra- which itself ached, tired of holding back what was now compressing all her organs. Her bladder was pulsing every minute, the sheer amount within it forcing her kidneys into her stomach, her stomach into her lungs, and her lungs against the back of her throat. Her left hand fell from the steering wheel to clasp itself against her crotch. She squeezed herself, no longer giving even a fraction of a damn about what Darcy thought. The pressure her hand gave her dampened gates was relieving, but the feeling of her palm growing hot and wet was vomit-inducing. Just as fast as it fell, her hand wrapped around the bottom of the wheel again, ripping away to fortification she felt her urethra burn without.

Darcy’s brow furrowed when Jane squeaked in desperation. “Are you okay, Jane?” The meteorologist couldn’t help herself anymore. She snapped.

“No, Darcy! Your… goddamn story is about to make me piss myself!” There was a quiver in her voice that stole all bite and prowess from her words, but the venom remained toxic. Darcy’s eyes widened and her frame seemed to shrink against the seat.

“I- what? What d’you mean?”

“I mean that I’m on the verge of soaking the… fucking van, Darcy!” The girl’s mouth opened with a question.

“Wha, already? Did you go at the rest stop?” The embarrassment of admittance crept back up on her, but Jane was too far gone to care.

“I… No, Darcy, I had to fix the damn-” she slapped the GPS “- thing! I-” A pulse came from her bladder, trying to usher out more of her boiling, turbulent piss “- mmm! No, no I didn’t!”

“W’ll Jesus Jane, don’t get snappy with me just because you didn’t go! Jesus- do you know where another stop is?”

“No, no I don’t! Oh, God…” She squeezed harder, her hands as tense as they could be against both the steering wheel and her throbbing, breaking floodgate. “Oh, god, oh god, oh god!” She sucked her lips in, her eyes burning as tears of pain began to build in the corners of her eyes. Jane did her best to keep her eyes on the road, but the pressure below her tummy was getting so distracting. Luckily, even though it was slow, Jane felt that, without Darcy’s inducing storytelling, her desperation was beginning to chip off of itself, slowly returning to a lesser sensation. Even with that, it was… Well... slow.

Jane’s breathing was hard, nearly as hard as her grip. Said grip was one of such ferocity that it threatened to tear not only her clothes, but also the flesh- the same flesh that was growing hotter and hotter as the vociferous bubbling inside her thrashed and whipped at her bladder’s walls to escape. Her thighs, clamped like an oyster’s shell around her hand, were barely able to keep steady, the muscles shivering with a failing focus to keep steady. Her left was clutched to the seat while her right was painfully extended to keep the van moving. The sensation inside her was hard to define, even harder to describe.

It was tense, but tense couldn’t quite describe it. It was hard, tight. Her muscles, the walls of her gradually diminishing bladder, her grip, her breathing, it was all hard. It was all tight, like all the muscles in her body had to focus solely on keeping her writhing urine from waterlogging the seat beneath her. It felt like her entire body, every atom that made it up, was in its own vice, squeezing every part of her to try and keep what was turmoiling within her just that;

Within her.

But slowly, the magmatically heated piss broiling in the dense stone that was her bladder was slowly coming down from it’s boil, slowly backing away from its throbbing exit. The bubbling that once felt as if it were frothing against the backs of her eyes was lowering back down her body, but still weighed against her tummy. The line of her jeans was pressing perfectly against the hard surface of her bladder, in a way that pierced her flesh with a twinge of pain whenever she moved. Jane was quietly relieved when her desperation began turning down, but she hissed through her teeth when her bladder pushed against her organs again. Her muscles did their best, but the slightest string of pee surged out, teasing Jane’s clenched thighs with what seems to be a promised fate.

‘Darcy knows, there’s no point in hiding it.’ Her mind whispered, and her body agreeing all too fast. Her left hand- which she noticed, in some nebulous void of her mind, had never left her darkened jeans- clenched harder, as if trying to use the heat of her desperation to fuse her lips together.

Though, a sensation now readily making itself known. She felt the burning, tearing claws digging in her bladder soften, but still wrack her taut urethra for escape. She still had to pee, and sooner rather than later was preferable, but for now, she could manage.

Hopefully.

Apparently, during her struggling, Darcy had been speaking.

“Okay, okay. Just pull over, Jane!” Jane’s face lost an amount of colour at the suggestion that was pronounced more like a command. Sure, there were no cars passing on the road, but what if one were to pass? She was an acclaimed meteorologist that proves wormholes through time and space existed, she would not have some sordid fourteen-second of her releasing her bladder besmirch her reputation, Even if that didn’t happen, Jane admittedly had little practice urinating anywhere that wasn’t a toilet- ‘Excusing a few certain situations…' Jane shuddered as she reminded herself- and she knew with a solemn stab from her bladder that, if she tried, her jeans we would surely come out of it looking like she hadn’t even tried to save them at all. And, on top of this all, she had nothing to wipe herself with, even if she could avoid all other disaster. Simply put, there was just no way to just pull over, even though the idea of release was helplessly tantalizing.

Spch, another small splash of liquid heat rolling along the meat of her core. Damn.

To distract herself, Jane began squeezing her pulsing, tiring opening rhythmically, like a slowed heartbeat. Eventually, after a few moments of awkwardness, when Jane could feel Darcy’s eyes boring into her skull, Jane’s breathing fell in sync with her repetitious grabbing. In, squeeze. Out, let go. In, squeeze. Out, let go. It felt like it was working, like the rock that was gradually gaining weight from being trapped on the verge of escape was being lifted ever so slightly. A few minutes of her steady gripping slowly began to edge her desperation back, thank God. But, the more she did it, the more she ground away the constant ache of her rock-hard tummy, the more a horrifying feeling in the pit of her stomach took its place.

It has started with one of the strokes, and it was growing with every subsequent. Her belly was growing a second kind of warm, one she was mortified she was even experiencing. Her crotch, despite the warmth that seemed eternally radiating and the heat from what had unfortunately escaped her strained muscles, was growing warm. A deft stroke that she was sure she hadn’t performed made Jane suck in her bottom lip just a bit. Another, more daring stroke just to be sure the pressure inside her wasn’t driving her crazy, and she knew.

‘I think I’m getting horny.’ It nearly devastated her, but not enough as much as it baffled her. She then recalled a certain line of text she had read in many a smutty magazine when she had been younger, more uninformed of her own pleasure.

‘A full bladder during sex makes your orgasm so much better!’ She would have laughed to herself had she not remembered the line almost right after as well;

‘Just don’t wet the bed when you do!’

Jane swallowed a lump in her throat as the realization settled. She was slowly but surely getting turned on by the pressure of her steaming urine pressing against her clitoris, she was rubbing herself- only making it worse, no doubt about that- but she knew that if she stopped, her desperation would return. Perhaps stronger. Perhaps… Unstoppable, and that… Well, that just couldn’t happen. Not here. Not when driving, not in the van.

Not in front of Darcy.

Weighing her options with her neck inflamed with embarrassment, Jane quickly found her answer. She couldn’t stop, she couldn’t afford that. But, she had to pace herself better. She couldn’t allow her mind to dip too far into perversion and pool deeper into arousal- she didn’t want to know what would happen were she to accidentally climax from rubbing herself just a little too enthusiastically.

So, there Jane Foster sat, a small marsh of her own urine slowly cooling as it squished under her every move, slowly clenching her vagina to quell a raging sea of fire that bubbled and frothed within a stone in her tummy; and, to top it off, she was beginning to get off on it. In the face of pure shame, Jane stopped gripping herself, placing her now slightly shaking hand on her thigh. Slowly, the arousal that had come to bleed into her nether’s lips faded, leaving only the natural heat and the dying heat of piss. Slowly, slowly.

Immediately.

Immediately, Jane was whacked with it. Her legs clamped with a muffled clap- when did they part?- her eyes widened, her grips on the wheel and her thigh turned haggard and strangling, and the most devastating…

An audible, visible, sensible spurt.

The slight stain grew just a bit, the edges of her jeans’ urine-bridled creases shining, glowing in the Canadian sunlight as fresh, blistering piss seared her flesh, easily passing through her underwear as if it hadn’t been there at all- ‘No doubt now waterlogged, that might be why,’-.and the meteorologist’s only reaction was to reach back between her legs, grip her vagina with a vengeance and squeeze as hard as possible.

The sound that raptured out of her throat was an abomination, a melted, illegally-bred hybrid of so many different things; Pain, her bladder was getting to the point where the desperation wasn’t fake anymore, she actually needed to pee now, and holding it in was starting to hurt. Pleasure, the pressure on her clitoris was twisting her mind, reminding her just how good it felt to grab and stroke the sensitive, inflamed lips that were her only safeguard. Disappointment, as messed up as it was, the release- that brief, devastating little squirt of lava- felt so good, it was almost regrettable to stop. Mortification, almost the heaviest. She sat, in her van, in a back road in fucking Canada, in a growing puddle of her own fresh and cooling urine whilst her best friend watched, uncomfortable and disturbed.

“Fuh- Oh, god!” Her words were half strained, half moaned as she clenched her hands and her thighs as hard as she could, looking through crinkled and teary vision to keep the van on the road. Who she was speaking to was unclear, but Darcy was at least one of them. “I’m- fuck, ohhhmygod, I’m sorry Darcy!”

There was still wide-eyed silence from Darcy. She blinked, slowly and multiple times- as if she didn’t have half the brilliant mind she did. Finally, she heard her name, and that was enough to warrant an almost drunken response.

“Uh-huh.”

What?

She was… So confused. And worried. She had… kind of caused this- though, with how bad it seemed, maybe this was gonna be inevitable. Whatever the outcome… Darcy was just… shocked. Shocked that a lady as uptight as Jane freakin’ Foster was clearly bursting at the seams with pee. It was weird, like she had fallen into the Twilight Zone. Was she asleep? Was she dreaming? Was this all some simulation- what the hell was going on? ‘I’m sorry Darcy,’ Still, nothing seemed to want to process. There was a wall in her brain at the moment. She blinked a few more times- four, to be exact. How did she know so exactly? Well, her realization came in just as many stages.

The first was that this was reality. This was actually happening, and Jane was actually, in real life, about to completely wet herself, about to have a serious accident. Okay, noted. Two; She, Darcy Lewis, had caused that, with a story how she had also, totally wet herself- though, not directly sooo… Three; They were in the middle of practically nowhere, meaning a toilet just… had to appear for her… Maybe? And four, the final layer of her reality; The accident was coming, soon, and she was just… watching. Morbid curiosity. Within her, Darcy was fighting a battle. A battle of her empathy versus her carnivorous curiosity. She wanted Jane to make it, she did. But, on the other hand…

What would her reaction be? If she didn’t make it? Would she cry? Would she get mad? Would she straight-up pass out? The curiosity was killing her, slowly, and she was legitimately torn on which option she favoured more- she didn’t have a piss kink (she was… ninety-five percent sure, she was just really curious... and a little cruel, but a little's okay, right?) but… she just wanted to know. It was a curse.

“For what?” Her subconscious just barely managed to autopilot, despite the inner war.

“I- just, this! I… Oh, fuh- Jesus!” She was panting and breathing heavily, her hand tensing and relaxing around her crotch in a rapid and seemingly random manner. For a moment, Darcy allowed herself to wonder if Jane was doing that to quell the desperation or to quell a ‘lil somethin else. Jane moaned though sucked lips, bouncing herself in her seat.

Like a robot, Darcy’s eyes unfocused, before honing in on something in the distance. Still with a blank stare, she grabbed the two seat heads in front of her and pulled herself forward, doing her best to get a better look. A small smile.

“Mm- oh fuck, no, I hav’to pull over-!”

“Wait, waitwaitwait! Jane, there’s a stop, there!” Darcy’s small hand pierced through the van, nearly prodding the windshield as she pointed to a small, wooden building blanched from the sunlight. She had seen an aluminum can wedged between the ruts of the rusted tin roof glint in the sun. Through her blur, Jane could spot, indeed, bathrooms.

‘Oh, thank God!’ She gasped in her head, squeezing her core in thankfulness. The tinge of arousal began to creep up again, filling her chest with uneasy and uncomfortable butterflies. ‘Release,’ was her mind’s only thought.

A bit too early, as a sizeable spatter of piss blew out of her throbbing, aching, sore, tired urethra. It lasted longer than what was conducive, growing the dark patch under her fist that Darcy suddenly watched with saucer plate eyes. The feeling of hot piss coating her hand was disgusting, but she was so close that she could deal with it, she could take the minor loss in return for an overall victory over her goddamn GPS.

Darcy didn’t return to her seat, staring at Jane’s pelvis with a twisted obsession. The closer she looked, the more she noticed fine, subtle details of Jane’s pure desperation; Her fist was obvious, as was the constant jiggling and bouncing. The dark spot was even more obvious, but Darcy noticed, under the brown leather jacket and the navy blue shirt that was tucked into her jeans- ‘oh shit, that might be wet too...’- Jane wore, and along the beltline of her jeans, there was the slightest bulge against her toned stomach. A very, very small distention, an itty-bitty rounding.

‘Holy shit, she must be so fucking FULL.’ Darcy mused, her mind’s voice sounding almost haughty at the thought. A particularly pained moan threw Darcy back, her neck fleshing red from below her own jacket and shirt. What the hell was wrong with her right now? From her position, Darcy felt the need to fuel Jane’s motivation, as if to convince Jane that she was cheering a victory, not a failure.

‘Which am I actually cheering for, though?’ She thought uncomfortably.

“C’mon Jane, just hold it a little longer. Y’can do this!” Jane laughed brokenly, halfway between crying and moaning in pain and pleasure. Sweat was beading up on her forehead from the sheer heat she was generating. Surely, the piss that was bubbling, foaming and sheerly seething within her could be palpable. Could she muster the muscle power to turn around, Darcy would be sweating as well. Her legs, the thighs were beginning to tire as the building that was her salvation inched closer. She could make out doors, doors on opposite sides of the same wall in a construction that could only be one thing. Her thighs were starting to tremble- and whether it was from anticipation of fully-fledged fatigue, she was close. So. Fucking. Close. The bathrooms couldn’t be more than two-hundred metres now.

Darcy, in a suddenly heroic leap, lunged forward from her seat and unclicked Jane’s seat belt. Without even thinking, Jane dipped and weaved her arms to allow the entrapping cable to fly at lethal speeds into its holster. Not a hundred now. She was so close!

Jane’s foot flew from the gas to the brake, causing the van to lurch and screech, leaving thick black marks behind them. Darcy had to brace herself, clutching onto the backs of both seats to stop from soaring through the glass before her. Jane gasped, moaned and choked simultaneously when a thick squirt Darcy could hear, throwing open her door with the hand that was on the wheel. She turned, but didn’t leap out. She breathed heavily, psyching herself and her bladder up. Slowly, she descended, tantalizingly revealing what Darcy had been so noxiously obsessed with.

Jane’s round, shapely butt- while Darcy was unanimously interested, sexually, in men, she couldn’t help but admit that Jane certainly had a body to be proud of- was stained dark and shiny, as was the seat below. Darcy felt the inherent need to look away, but couldn’t bring herself to. The darkness was like a swirling portal, and as Jane stepped down, Darcy saw another glimmer of motion light up Jane’s thighs.

‘She’s still leaking!’

Jane felt her boots hit concrete and her mind rushed with determination, euphoria and power. She could do it! She could make it, despite the darkness she already had warming her lap seeping into her soul. One shaking step after another, with a fist tacked to hard into her loins she could feel her knuckles leaving their imprint in her bladder itself, she moved. One foot, another. Left, right. Left, right. Left, right, left right, left, right, lef-

Sppchh.

‘Fuck it.’

Like a marathon’s first place racer, Jane began sprinting at levels worthy of Olympic gold. Her strides nearly as long as her whole body, covering so much distance she was sure to make it.

All the while, a dark trail dripped and dribbled behind her.

Jane collided with the building at speeds that nearly caused her to lose control then and there. With no shred of care left within her withering patience and time, Jane thrusted both her hands into her lap, clutching herself as hard as she could through her tight jeans. Her mind flashing with an idea she couldn’t resist in her failing mental state. She pressed as hard as she could and ran her hand up her core, harshing a moan from her throat. The pleasure shocked her system, her clitoris nearly short-circuiting from all the stimulus as she pressed singularly on the button of nerves that had to be glowing red.

And soaking wet.

Jane threw her body to the left, towards the women’s room. She collapsed against a swinging door, but it didn’t budge. She pressed and pressed, but it just didn't fucking move. Through teary-eyed confusion, she managed to look up at a nailed wooden notice sign.

‘BURST PIPE,

OUT OF ORDER

- Apologies, mgmt’

No.

No, she didn’t battle pissing her fucking pants to be denied so easily. So, with the will of the sun itself, Jane heaved her weakening body off of the door, turning to the other. Her legs were shivering, bound to collapse in the slightest moment of errance. But, using the wall to keep upright, she moved, feeling another fiery splurt cascade down her thighs, her calves and into her boots.

“Jane, what the Hell are you doing? You can’t go in there!”

Jane suddenly bubbled with rage.

“I don’t care, Darcy!”

The push of her yelling.

Oh, god…

‘You can’t go in there!’

She felt dizzy.

‘Can’t go in there!’

Her head was spinning.

‘Go!’

Go.

Go...

Oh... Oh no...

Oh...

Oh, god...

Oh yes...

Oh GOD yes...

“I, ffffuck...”

It was hellacious. Jane collapsed, her knees tight together as the muscles in her legs finally gave out. She fell against the wall, resting her head as her eyes rolled back, the entire system being bathed in a concoction of ambiguous intoxicating sensations- almost all of them novel.

The first she found was the sharp pains, almost like her monthly cramps. But, the more she considered, the lesser they became. Alongside, there was a tickle, like a feather being rubbed along her most intimate parts. The cramp suddenly disappeared, as did the tickle…

Only to be replaced by scalding. Hot. Wet. Loud. Like a cup of water poured onto the floor, but more… Fleshy. Hissing. Brutal. She hazarded a look down. Spouting, flooding in her lap was dark. Her jeans’ fair shade of blade was rapidly turning something more akin to the deep ocean, with shining highlights bringing an angelic beauty.

Hkkkkkkkk. It went on. And on. Jane’s eyes fluttered, her head began filling with air again. Her breathing got heavier and heavier, like there was iron building in her lungs. Eventually, there were more sensations.

The hotness soaring and soaking everything in proximity to her legs- God, it felt so warm, so fucking hot- coating her calves, pooling around her with a symphony of distractingly beautiful noises. Already, her panties and jeans were beyond saturated, allowing the harshly steaming urine to just run through all fabric, collecting immediately into the puddle that was quickly enveloping her. The sheer volume of the liquid draining out of her widened, relieved urethra was drowning the red button that had helped prevent it in the first place. A button that just demanded to be pressed.

Still heavily pissing straight into her pants, Jane clumsily unbuttoned them- so clumsily that the button flew off into the void of nothing around her, Jane’s hand- the same she had plastered to her vagina, already soaked with desperately held urine- dove straight into her panties, stroking through the hellishly overflooding torrent of piss and directly onto the sensitive, swollen bundle of nerves. Jane opened her eyes to see it, hazily curious just how red it was.

Oh, it was red. Very red. And shiny. And the way that the urine, so shiny in the sunlight, glittered as it waterfall from her pussy was so pretty that she couldn’t help but giggle to herself as if she were drunk. But the redness of her clitoris- it was so desperate for touch, she could feel her heartbeat in it, which was fucking frantic- was too tantalizing to be distracted for long. Jane raked, slowly, her fingers through the boiling deluge, her head falling back, her eyes squeezing shut and her tongue lolling out just a bit with a relieved, horny moan as the piss splattered and sputtered noisily, not stopping its intensity though. Without a care, Jane ran rabid, fervent circles over the button with two fingers. The combination of her bladder deflating with such force, the absolute heat she had between her legs, the feeling of such euphoria and relief and now the spastic friction on her most sensitive nub drove her over the edge of the fucking cliff.

Jane sobbed as she gripped her bare pussy, hindering the spray with an unholy sound that sent even more shivers up and down her spine. Her vagina’s tightening did next to nothing to stop the flow that still burned from her. Her lungs heaving, their weight draining out of her bladder with conviction, Jane felt every muscle she had weaken. Her head collapsed against the wall, her hand went limp in her jeans, still being doused with what blurrily felt like a slightly fading spurting, and her eyes repeatedly tried to flutter closed. Jane sighed in relief, her brain too fuzzy to actually comprehend.

The last thing her mind deciphered before she blacked out was a small creep of shame and Darcy calling her name.

She honestly didn't care.

Here you are, @LifeIsStrange

, your requested Jane Foster piece. I'm sorry it took so long, I am legitimately trying to get help getting over my paralytic fear. If you're wondering why Darcy wasn't also included, I have a list of MCU women- and a few requested characters- that I'm considering adding after the fabled Line-Up piece is published. In the meantime, you can expect the requested Vanessa Carysle piece sometime before 2024- though I wouldn't hold out hope- to help get us closer to that goal. From there, I'm considering either Ava Starr or Emma Frost for personal projects- given no other requests come in. As always, feel free to request any character on the list, even if they've been done before, and any parameters you wish as long as they adhere to the rules. Regardless, I'm sorry for the wait LifeIsStrange, but I hope this pleases the readership. Anyway, I have some issues to sort, so have a good day or night all.

Best regards, bow to none,

NothingLeft

*075*2021-05-03 01:19

{{32 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Thank you it was worth the wait! I'd honestly forgotten i'd even requested this story.

}}

I'm glad to hear that it was worth it, and I'm sorry again for the wait.

*077*2021-05-03 21:01

{{6 hours ago, Edward45 said:

Amazing chapter as always! So glad to see you back !

}}

Thank you. It's good to be back, and I hope I can work through my issues easier and faster to get my pieces to all you lovelies in a more timely fashion.

