Marvel/MCU Stories - Page 3

Author: NothingLeft

*062*2020-09-16 01:28

Hello, all. No, this isn't another chapter already, but it is impactful. Since this game has begun, these pieces have all been feeding into a larger overarching- if slight- "narrative" past all of the accidents. I intend to keep this up until the 'Line-Up' piece, but it's there that I falter.

I admit that I somewhat need a narrative to write connected pieces like the MCU Stories, but past the 'Line-Up', I wonder; Should I continue injecting such a storyline into these pieces or should they simply be brief fetish stories. Admittedly, this is personal preference to a large degree, but if given these two choices, which would you choose?

One: A piece that's shorter overall, even though it contains slightly more detailed wettings and such, though it doesn't take as long as a usual piece does, or,

Two: A piece that's longer overall with a continuing storyline, though it takes longer to release. I'm at a crossroads simply because of the way I write, but I leave it to the people. So, feedback is welcomed and encouraged as it will define the future of these pieces- if nothing is said, the pieces will remain with a line of narrative and this post will be null.

Regardless, please let me know which of the two you'd like to see. Relating to the pieces themselves, as of now I'm working on a piece with Nebula, and it is decently underway- it should be noted that the Gamora piece, this piece and all other Guardian of The Galaxy pieces contain their own narrative that's separate from the Avengers and such- though Lord only knows how long it'll take.

Best regards,

NothingLeft

*063*2020-09-22 23:51

Nebula

Just For Now?

The Benetar, On The Way to Earth

Holy.

Shit.

That was the only phrase going through Nebula’s machine mind as the door to the main room opened to her, revealing her team; the prestigious Guardians Of The Galaxy, ever ready to defend innocents and fight the evils of space and galaxies beyond.

They all looked like shit.

Peter Quill, their leader, was propped up by his two strong arms, heavy bags under tired bloodshot eyes. His shirt was on the table beside him as his torso was covered in light-but-bleeding wounds. Gamora pulled the needle away from his back, finishing stitching a particularly bad slash he had received. His jeans were muddy, bloody and torn, and his face had the odd bruise and cut decorating his features. His hair was ruffled and messy, even singed in some places.

Gamora was no better. Her eyes were barely open, her face was dropping with tiredness and outfit torn and bloody. Her hands were subtly shaking and she could barely stand, often having to adjust her stance to stay upright.

Mantis and Drax were already asleep, with Mantis laid along Drax’s lap. Drax’s snoring was impossibly loud, as always, but it would hardly keep them up at all. Rocket was trying to work on a piece of machinery, though he wasn’t getting anywhere as he had to pause and yawn almost every thirty seconds. Groot was nearby, his head falling with his eyelids before jerking awake, the process repeating every minute or so.

‘The fight,’ Nebula thought with hazy disdain.

The fight had been agonizingly arduous. Nearly thirteen hours of a mission involving climbing, running, fisticuff combat, hiding, running, climbing, running… Never mind the blaze of the planet’s two suns that had nearly put Groot, Rocket and Mantis into early graves.

“Guardians…” Quill stifled a yawn with his hand, though the sight brought a yawn to both Nebula and her sister. “Fuck it, time to... sleep.” He finished unceremoniously, smiling almost deliriously at the word ‘sleep’. Gamora gave a half-hearted ‘woo’ and a slow, careful fist in the air, while Rocket limpy dropped his hopefully-inexplosive workings onto the floor. Groot smiled and finally let his eyes close, which brought a careful smile to Nebula’s face as well. She leaned herself against the door, tiredness overtaking her conscience for a brief moment. She quickly snapped herself up with nearly the last of her resolve and shook her head, though it did nothing to clear the fog in her head. The fog was heavy and it carried a whisper she couldn’t discern in English or any other language, though her body interpreted it for her.

‘Rest. Sleep. Shit, just lie down- something.’ She was in no position, physically or willingly, to deny her body its call. With the most limp, pathetic wave she’d ever seen, much less given, Nebula turned on her heel, exiting the center room of the Benetar. A door to her left carried a matching whisper to the one in her head and her body, summoned by the whisper, immediately went into an autopilot. Her hand, disconnected from her mind, waved the door open and she entered, her vision bobbing unfamiliarly.

Nebula’s eyes closed before she could even land them on her bed, though she knew her room very well enough to know where it was. Across from the door, behind her desk. Her feet, suddenly heavier than the ship she was within, never left the ground as she kicked off her boots, her brain never even remembering to bother with the rest of her battle-scarred uniform. She narrowly missed the corner of her desk and her arms just caught the edge of her mattress.

With the trembling last wisp of her strength, Nebula lifted herself onto her bed, laughing tiredly despite her back hitting the wall. Her head on a pillow, she curled up in a fetal ball as usual, but then she remembered nothing.

But, as her mind slipped into the deepest sleep she had felt in practically her entire life, Nebula’s body resumed functioning. Despite her father’s cruelty, her body still retained a complete anatomy, despite its mechanical pieces. She still had a stomach, intestines, liver, heart. And especially critical as of her current, she still had a bladder. Quite a capacious one, granted, though it still had limits. And the mission that had exhausted them all so thoroughly had done such through all the fighting, running and climbing they had to do to save their own lives and that of the people native, but it had also been damn well lethally hot.

Nebula hated heat of any kind. The room in which her father had replaced so much of her body with machine had been hot. The blade he had used to cut her up had been hot. The metal had been hot. The pain itself had been so hot, when she recalled the memories of her recreation, it burned so bad she wish she had died.

To fend off the ravenous, all-consuming swelter, Nebula had consumed nearly as much water as Groot. So much that she had peed nearly twenty times in the thirteen hours she had been en mission. But, when the adrenaline and pain had worn off, it was quickly and wholly replaced with an excruciating exhaustion, leaving any bodily function peacefully unacknowledged.

As Nebula curled up, her muscles sore and tired, she didn’t even notice the dull ache of her churning bladder shoot up from underneath her robotic stomach. It was perhaps half-full, and if she rested for a normal- for her, at least, she still had night terrors of her father’s eyes- five or six hours, she would be able to brush it off and just go.

Easy.

Eleven Hours Later

Groot felt a warmth on his face and couldn’t help but lean toward it. As he opened his eyes, the harsh glare of a close star was coming in through a large porthole. The tree smiled and allowed the warmth to help him awaken. The light and warmth in the fight however long ago had been pleasant for the first three or four hours, but after that it had just been overly drying for the foliage resting on his hard wooden body, and he had absorbed a lot of water to make it up. This smaller amount of sun felt very nice, and he had no worry of running out of water, as Peter always said he functioned kind of like a Terran cactus; he consumed water and then contained it for later absorption.

Groot sighed and began to loosen his joints from their rest. They gave some resistance, but the water inside of him and the gentle glaze of sun helped them wake up similarly to his mind. He carefully stepped forward, though through the serene peace of mind he had awoken in, his mind had allowed him to forget the pipe running along the ceiling. His wooden crest bumped into it with a quiet tunk and a brief groan of irritation from him.

It truly felt like nearly yesterday that he, Rocket and the pirate-angel had taken off from Nidavellir, him just a ‘teenaged sproutling’. He was now at his- at least, what he believed to be- full size- due in no small part to the odd, rapid growth his systems had gone through when he had returned from the purgatory of the Snap. That and Terra, or Earth, was so rich in minerals and good soil that just a week planted within “New Asgard”, he had grown exponentially.

The porthole with sun was coming through was rather small, and as Groot moved into a small kitchen room, a larger window bathed even more of his hard body in the warm glow of the star. He moaned in a low, happy tone and smiled as greenery on his shoulders rejoiced at more of the gentle light and warm, especially compared to that of ten hours ago.

Groot was nearly still for almost ten minutes before the quiet shuffling of a single pair of feet swayed him from his serenity. He turned with a gentle smile to see Nebula, barefoot though still in her battle garb, rubbing her left eye with one hand and stifling a yawn with the other. She clumsily pulled out a chair and hastily seated herself, nearly missing the seat altogether. Groot smiled as the woman, still clearly enraptured in tiredness, tried to wake her body.

“I am Groot,” He greeted, facing the sun again.

“Mmm...” Nebula attempted, her mind not fully adept enough yet to actually respond in full. “G’morn-” Her speech was ended by a long, large yawn that surely stretched her mouth to the absolute largest it could be. Groot just chuckled, absentmindedly pressing a red button on a machine beside him. It was a small, black box with a glass pot with a handle within. It was a ‘coffee machine’ Quill had in his ship since Groot had known him. He never favoured the bitter taste over simple water- even with copious sugar- but the smell was pleasant for him.

“Mm, thanks,” Nebula mumbled, her head resting in her palm as her elbow rested on the table. Her eyes were closed and her breathing was slow and Groot could help but smile when a light, gentle snoring began leaving Nebula’s nose.

But, beneath Nebula’s sleepiness, her body was at war with itself, and it was one almost as brutal as the one that had put it there in the first place. On one side, Nebula’s artificial muscles were purely aching, barely able to carry her. But, on the other side, an alarm was blaring that just didn’t reach Nebula’s mind through her haze. Her bladder, which had already been cradling an adequate amount of liquid, was now brimming full with it- so full, in fact, that it was even creating the slightest of bulges under her tummy. The warnings, the alarms, the bad of her full bladder was all being blocked out by the cloud of not-quite-awake-yet in her head. The good, how little there may have been- like the feeling of utter fullness, the large ball of warmth in her belly and the tautness of her uniform felt very… relaxing- was even further teasing her mind with just another brisk period more of shut-eye.

One that Nebula didn’t deny.

Groot quietly moved next to Nebula, smiling as he loomed over her. She, opposed to the disposition she always gave off, looked almost cute- like a sleeping animal- as her chest rose and fell gently with deep, relaxed breaths. This is how he liked seeing his team, he had no trouble admitting, but seeing Nebula in such serenity was oddly gratifying in particular, as she had such a hard, unfair life that she deserved peace, maybe more than anyone else he knew- except perhaps Rocket, but even then he thought them equals.

Groot moved his hand, which he softened with a gentle layer of plush, green moss onto Nebula’s back, smiling even wider when he felt nearly no tension. Nebula was constantly tense from all kinds of stress- physical, mental and emotional- and it was so rare for her body to be so slack.

It was another few minutes, perhaps fifteen, until Nebula’s brief nap was interrupted by a shrill-but-quiet beep. Nebula started awake, though she still wasn’t fully awake. Groot quickly stole his hand away, though when the cyborg woman’s deep, entrancing, half-lidded black eyes met his, it was clear that she had felt his hand on her back.

There was a gentle, peaceful silence as they simply looked at each other. Nebula gave a careful smile and a gentle nod, though her gaze turned down to the face of the table. Groot turned to the machine that had emitted the noise, seeing the glass pot now nearly filled with a rich dark brown liquid with a thin layer of light froth and bubbles around the rim of the glass pot.

The eponymous coffee.

A blue metal mug with ‘Nebula’ inscribed on the side in blocky, grey paint was beside the machine among four others similar in shape, and another smaller mug. They all had names on them in differing colours and hands; A chestnut-brown mug, and ‘Captain Star-Lord’ was written in quick, large but clean strokes of an orange-yellow. A dark green mug, emblazoned with a precise, careful ‘Gamora’ in cursive black. A larger grey mug with ‘Drax’ in messy all-capitalized black. A white mug with ‘Mantis’, in a messy handquite similar to Drax's- Mantis didn’t know how to write much, though she was doing her best to learn Ego apparently hadn't deemed it necessary for her- and Rocket’s smaller mug, though his had no name, instead sporting a general schematic for an explosive.

Groot grasped Nebula’s cup and brought it before him, also taking told of the handle of the coffee pot. The pot was heavy as the hot, steaming coffee sloshed about inside, though he managed quite easily. He slowly began to allow the liquid to plummet from the pot into Nebula’s mug, the kitchen then being filled by a quiet, thick splashing. The splashing became duller the more filled the cup became and Groot eased the pot from its tilt as waves of hot coffee licked the top edge of the mug. Among the sound, Nebula sighed heavily, enjoying the wafted scent of the coffee.

But, when he stopped pouring, the splashing of the coffee was replaced by another sound, one that wasn’t there when he began. The best way he could describe it was a hissing. It was quiet, and at first Groot thought that there was a pipe leaking. It continued on for a few seconds, nearly silent though somewhat satisfying to listen to in its consistency. Then, it was joined by another subtle sound, though this one was slightly more pronounced. A dull, quiet pattering, like liquid dripping onto the floor cascaded into the air, the faint hissing still continuing and even growing a bit more violent. The hsss became a hkkk, like it was hitting fabric with a decent amount of force. He stood, confused, as the sound perforated the corners of his mind, almost becoming background noise as he held both the coffee pot and Nebula’s full mug.

The sound continued as Groot shook his head, prioritizing the tired girl at the table. He placed the coffee pot within the machine’s compartment and moved to Nebula’s seat, placing the coffee before her. The noise got louder, leading Groot to believe that, yes, a pipe in the main room may have burst and is now leaking. He grunted to the sleeping girl kindly before making his way past her.

Barely missing the puddle underneath Nebula’s seat.

Nebula shifted in her seat, unaware of the splish of her thighs in the well of liquid beneath her that caused a wave of her warm, recently-expelled pee to be sent to the ground into a slightly golden puddle. Her butt was soaking wet, her crotch was hot and still noisily squirting urine that splashed down her legs and readily fell to the floor over the edges of the chair, pattering a bit louder than before. The pressure of the lava-like urine was increasing, hitting the fabric of her uniform with such power that it made Groot halt.

No, the sound was getting quieter the further he got from the room. Couldn’t be anything beyond. Groot turned back around, though this time he found what was causing the noises, which were all getting louder and more intense, even if it was just slightly so. He was… completely stunned by what he saw.

Nebula’s mind perked up at the scent of coffee, though it was still fuzzy and most of it wasn’t awake. Her visibly machine left arm hit the table, hazily trying to find the base of her cup. A few waves of her hand, she found the cup with a dull metal-on-metal tunk. She found the handle, gripping it lazily. She didn’t yet have the strength to lift it, but her body slowly began coming to. The first thing she sensed was the sudden cacophony of noises even though they blended into the background of her mind. There was violent hissing, splashing and spraying piercing her ears, though she paid next to no mind to it. Her fingers tightened around the metal handle of the mug, letting her know she was now capable. With a shaky wrist she brought the mug to her lips, almost drunkenly taking in the nostalgic, comforting bitter taste. She sighed with comfort, the sounds still probing at her mind constantly.

'What the hell is that noise,’

“Groot… ” She mumbled, suddenly recalling his presence from earlier. He softly grunted in response from behind her, not much like himself. Nebula took her face off of her palm and sat straight, her ears picking up a loud splash with her moves. She groaned again, knowing she would be one of the first called to fix what seemed to be a leaking pipe.

But, as Nebula awoke in her seat, more of her body began to communicate with more of her mind. Her stomach- was it her stomach? No, no it was just below that- was aching, almost like it was in relief. Her thighs were trembling and the muscles within felt sore, like she had just been running. Her legs, thighs, butt and crotch felt hot, wet and squishy, and Nebula had to look at her coffee to ensure she hadn't spilt anything already.

Nope, still full. So why…?

Nebula sat still for a moment, pondering just what she was soaked with. When her mind gave no conclusive answer, the woman glanced down under the table. Flooding her seat, staining her uniform with dark, coagulating on the floor beneath her and still actively spurting unevenly from her vagina was very warm, glistening urine, slightly tinted a lovely gold. She felt the bottom curve of her thighs tingle with the liquid brimming around them, watching as it quickly evacuated from inside her an into her seat, then further onto the floor, sending golden splash droplets onto the chair's- and her own- legs as the puddle that enveloped her chair ballooned uncontrollably.

‘Hm.’ She looked back up and took a calm sip of her coffee, careful to not tip the mug back too far. She rested the mug on the table again, sighing as her body procedurally came to. She sighed, the decreasing pressure in her belly bringing a quiet peace to her inner systems.

Wait.

Nebula’s black eyes went wide and she almost threw herself out of her chair, though her legs gave out from underneath her as they quivered like weak branches in a storm from holding so much liquid back for so long without her even knowing. She looked, almost angrily, at her legs as they shivered, shimmering with a soaked golden glimmer in the star’s light. The puddle underneath her chair- and the one that was beginning to bloom from the sporadic hkkkkk-ing of urine spurting from between her trembling legs- caught the light almost beautifully, though Nebula was too appalled and angry with herself to admire.

‘Again… No, not this again...’ Nebula thought, fending off her thoughts. Though, as much as she tried, she just could not look away from the spritzing yellow liquid dying her maroon outfit’s crotch even darker, streaks of shine injecting into the disgustingly huge patch by the flowing liquid. She tried to stop it, she tightened every muscle in her body, but the flow was barely stunted, only fizzling slightly before Nebula had to give in from the suddenly onset weakness. Her muscles felt too damn weak to hold anything that was escaping her, despite her best efforts.

The sounds only made her stomach turn inside out more horribly. The violent sound as it gushed out of her and against the rough red material of her uniform. The splashing and pattering as her piss settled into the puddle around her. The staggered, stifled gasps escaping her as she realized that all hope was lost.

She sat for another fifteen seconds as her bladder confidently emptied onto the floor, accentuated vomit-inducingly by a powerful, hellish squirting. The stream, luckily enough for her psyche, was dying, the violating hkkk slowly reducing to a quiet hsss, and slower further as the stream now lacked the power and pressure to even reach her uniform, now simply leaking along the gentle curve of her ass to reach the floor. The organ once keeping all of the urine that now coated the floor was aching with a painful relief as her urine finally began to cease with an eternal trickle of burning urine.

She sat, shuddering and breathing sharply and harshly for an amount of time her mind absolutely couldn't fucking care to quantify, her vagina leaking like a hose with a hole in it at a pace almost matching her breathing. With a crackling gasp exiting her lungs parallel, her trickle slowed to a stop, searing drops rolling down the most intimate curves of her thighs on occasion.

Nebula's chest rose fully up and down with her humiliated breathing, but when she heard a soft, long groan, her entire consciousness nearly cut itself from existence out of pure and unabashed shame. Her head turned certainly too fast and her eyes crossed with Groot’s, whose jaw was slack with surprise and eyes wide with surprise and subtle something, Nebula was too on fire from embarrassment to care- at a glance, it looked like mortification.

Nebula tore her gaze away from Groot’s, though it just landed on her puddle again. She could see the steam rising from it die to the light streaming against her, and the sight of haze and vapour made her just want to fucking puke- almost as much as the sheer wetness she felt on her ass, in her crotch and down her thighs and calves. She couldn’t bear the sight, and placed her eyes back to Groot, closing her jaw apprehensively. She shook her head marginally, deeply afraid to fully move lest more burst forth from her, though she knew she was empty as the corner of her eye kept a golden shimmer bright and evident..

She wanted to leave. She wanted to jettison herself out of the ship and into the vast expanse of space. She wanted to die, then and there, because this was all too much. The last time had been a dare, but this… This was not okay. Groot was staring, she was still sitting in it, and this… Just, no.

Groot carefully stepped towards Nebula, acknowledging how much her eyes were darting and how her entire body was shaking. But, just one step was enough to attract her attention. Her jaw was clenched tight, her hands were in trembling fists and her eyes were trained and hard. Groot closed his mouth, anticipating yelling, violence or literally something to be thrown his way, but he was only met with a hoarse grunt and Nebula's quiet voice whisper,

“Go away.” It wasn’t a request nor a demand, it was in fact a command, but not one Groot was poised to obey. He shook his head, though his expression stayed soft. But, both his and Nebula’s faces broke into panic when they heard Peter and Gamora's shared room door hiss open. Groot suddenly felt ethereal instincts bite into his inner being, his very core, his absolute center and there was no combat as they took him over.

Not a thought passed through his head as he stepped into the warm, steaming golden liquid glazing the floor- sympathetic to Nebula’s shaky cringe at the unapologetic splshh- before he began absorbing it, the puddle slowly thinning and shrinking quickly yet soundlessly. Nebula’s eyes met his, to which he could only offer a quick smile.

The puddle, much to the woman's simultaneous shock, disbelief, mortification, joy and morbid surprise was disappearing quickly, almost like she was… wetting... herself in reverse. The conjoined puddle under the chair- and, indeed, in the seat, which she hadn’t noticed prior- were disappearing parallel thanks to Groot’s arm-branches. They both heard Quill and Gamora mumbling incoherently just around the corner, and again Groot’s instincts kicked in without any forethought.

He quickly scooped Nebula into his arms, smiling ever so at the small grunt mixed with a light gasp of surprise. He turned, making sure that the admittedly huge, soaking mark on Nebula’s uniform was as hidden as it could be. He then used his very monstrous height to quickly sidestep Star-Lord and Gamora, though they barely noticed due to their tiredness. Groot nearly clocked his head again as he ducked into Nebula’s room, laying her on her bed gently.

He turned to the closed door, vines erupting from his shoulders and his back as they gripped the door, warping it out of shape so Nebula could process her accident and change in undisturbed peace. However, in his instinctual eruption, Groot failed to remember one very critical fact;

He had trapped himself within as well, defeating the entire point of “in peace”. As the rush of his actions began to wear off nearly as fast as it had come, the shuffling of fabric made his stance straighten like steel. He dared not look behind him, knowing what lay in store would- certainly this time- be Nebula’s staff across his face. So, he stayed facing the twisted door wrapped in his shedded wooden tendrils, the shuffling of clothes being far too noisy to be simple movement anymore.

“Don’t turn around...” Nebula’s voice was harshly, almost painfully quiet and nearly drowned out by a monotonous ziiiiip as the cyborg woman dragged the front zipper down her body. The tone in her voice was painful to him, especially as it was one she rarely spoke through. Even when she spoke of her father, the same one who had tortured and mutilated her, she spoke only with resentment and a blazing hatred far more bitter than any coffee. But this? Her voice was meek, disdained and humiliated. That was the only term that fit.

Humiliated.

Nevertheless, Groot didn’t move at all, wincing slightly as a moist, waterlogged stchkkk peeled off of Nebula’s thighs. He heard her groan and quite possibly stagnate a gag, though he said nothing. There was a lighter, more subdued sthck as the wet fabric hit the floor. There was a dull, matted, thick flap, like a dense towel was shaken, and the sound of rough-fabric on flesh. Nebula accentuated the sounds with groans and disappointed sighs. The towel hit the ground, though lighter than that of her uniform. It was followed by airy fluttering, like a loose flag set in a warm breeze.

There was a few more moments of fluttering and awkward, thought calm silence. After what seemed like too long of studying his own work in the destroyed panel before him, Groot was summoned by the quietest whisper.

“Okay…” He hesitated. He didn't want to make things impossibly more awkward between them, but he felt as if eye contact right now would do just that, his resistance already shaky. But, when the gentle brush of her thin, skilled finger feathered along his arm, he couldn’t help but turn to her.

She stood uncharacteristically meekly, her head bowed down to her feet, which were pointed only noticeably inward. He was a tall being, and she was by no means short, but her unusually embarrassed figure made her appear much smaller than he was used to. Her blue skin was covered by loose, baggy dark blue fabric- which made her seem even smaller- looking soft to the touch. It was clearly too large for her as the hem of the sleeves came to her first knuckle and the hem of her bottoms almost entirely covered her feet. Her jaw was still clenched and her fists were tight, and her face read that she was still heavily berating herself for her… accident.

“I…” She tried to speak, but it barely came out a murmur. “Don’t tell anyone-” her voice gained its usual strength- or as close to it as she could muster with her current headspace- for a moment “- about this, or I will kill you again.” Her black, gleaming eyes stared up at him, threatening as possible. But, with her current dress and what he had just seen, he barely believed it. But, he nodded solemnly nonetheless. He turned to tear away the tendrils blocking the door, but his large hand was caught in hers, though hers was far smaller.

“No…” She begged quickly, her voice staying as straight as possible. “I… I don’t want anyone… I don’t want anyone else to know…” She trailed off her voice trembling despite being nearly inaudible. She also quickly tacked on a docile “- about this...” Her left arm gripped her right elbow gently. “You can’t tell them about this, Groot,”

“I am Groot,” he assured readily. He would never break a secret so humiliating for her, even if she did first. She nodded, her jaw relaxing for what seemed like the first time that morning. There was a break of silence between them, with Groot caringly looking down on Nebula, like a mother hen to its peeping chick.

Groot, almost too easily, allowed Nebula to nestle into his arms, pressing against the hard wood that made up his chest. Though, he padded himself as light, plush moss- the same he had padded his hand with earlier- cushioned his body for the woman in his arms. He allowed the both to rest against the bent and dented door, slowly sliding to the floor. Nebula, as if they were thinking in the same beat, rested her legs along Groot’s, curling up in his gentle hold.

“This isn’t… anything, this is just…” She muttered, almost as an afterthought.

“I am Groot,”

There was a few harmonious beats of silence. “Yes. Just…”

“I am Groot.”

“Just for now. And soon, I’ll purge this entire morning from my memories.” Nebula chided with a hint of sadness. But, as she ran her hands along the soft, pillow-like moss she rested against, she carefully corrected.

“The bad parts. You're coffee's better than Quill,” she tried to joke, a half-smile lifting a corner of her mouth.

“I am Groot,” he agreed softly, rubbing her back in a slow, comforting motion.

“Yes. Just for now,”

Though, unbeknownst to the both of them, the “for now” of their agreement extended long into their time, until Star-Lord came knocking on their door an apparent five hours later. They had remained awake, though in silence. Calm, hospitable, regenerative silence.

Just for now.

I surely didn't expect to get another piece out so fast, but I have to, again, thank @Dynamic for his incredible words of wisdom. I can't actually express how much his words have helped me to get past the roadblock that's, admittedly, been plaguing me since my first piece with The Scarlet Witch.

I see Omo.org as a community, as do most. And, as a community, we have guidelines, rules and, more personally, unique normalities (what we perceive as normal and acceptable) that form us. However, what we sometimes fail to make note of is that normality, the most malleable rulebook we live by in a community, often stagnates content. I'm glad to say that the vast variety of content here on Omo.org is far from stagnant, though I will admit, I have recently been feeling like my content has been growing such. As I said, the guidelines and hard rules are unbreakable without punishment, and therefore we only have normality to break from holding us back. But, one devastating thing that comes with normality, especially as esoteric as the normalities embedded within each and every one of the people in a community in such a diverse content ecosystem as this website, is fear. Personal fear.

Fear is what holds all humans back, sometimes to benefit and other times to deficit. As a writer, the largest fear I personally cradled was fear of imperfection and fear of displeasing those who indulged in my work- either leaving them dissatisfied, empty or simply unhappy. But, as @Dynamic so beautifully enlightened to me, you truly can't please everyone. But, if you please even one likeminded person, you've succeeded in your medium.

Fear is what holds people back, and personal normality generates personal fear. To break the cycle, you have to realize- with the help of those around you, in your community- that your normality, your content's normality, may be generating a stunting aura of fear of evolution. But, to conquer personal fear, you have to be unafraid- unfortunately paradoxically- to evolve your normality to, in fact, out-evolve your fear. In essence and less proseful saying; You have to be able to recognize your fears, your normalities, your rules and your guidelines to determine what you can do if you push to the limits. And, ever critically, you have to be able to recognize that personal fear only exists to hold you back.

Fear always holds us back. To push beyond, to grow and to evolve past it, you have to bow not to fear nor to evolution, but you have to keep your head high and innovate through it. You have to reach outside your comfort zone with anything you do once you feel you've grown stagnant as I feel I have. You have to use human's uncanny superpower of ingenuity, whether or not you see it in yourself, to innovate, to evolve past your personal fear.

In summary; You have to evolve your normalities through your fear to recognize what you're capable of, to recognize what you're happy doing. Only you can break your fear and create new normality that will not bow to fear.

Nor can you. Fear, and the normality that generates it, exist to hold you back, to keep you in place and to grow you stale. Bow to neither and innovate yourself and your medium, your work, to a place that breaks stagnation. And then, from the ashes of you fear like a phoenix from its own, create your best work.

Apologies for the painfully long speech, It needed to be said and I couldn't write it except for here. With all that said, I will be damning myself to create my best work, and if you have constructive criticism it's greatly appreciated. As an aside, feel fell to request any character from the list of twenty-three, alongside scenarios, settings and causes. With all that said, take these words and the words of @Dynamic

(Seriously, I cannot than you enough for what you said) under advisement going forward- Lord knows I will- and I hope you all have the best of days.

Best regards,

NothingLeft

Fear, normality and convention exist to bind. Break the binds. Innovate. Push. Create. Bow to none.

*065*2020-09-26 15:32

{{On 9/25/2020 at 6:55 AM, blegh said:

@NothingLeft is it possible you could add characters that have not appeared in the MCU yet, but are very prevalent comic characters? Like Spider-Gwen, Illyana Rasputin, etc?

}}

It has been something I've considered, I somewhat have with Laura Kinney and- arguably since she was in the 'X-Men' films- Emma Frost, but I could. As I've discussed prior, once I have one piece for all current characters, I have seven more I wish to introduce into the roster- bringing the overall count to thirty, instead of the rather meager twenty-three, though they've all been prevalent film characters at one point or another.

However, this is labelled as stories about the MCU, so I would have to be careful not to confuse people looking for MCU content and, instead, find comic content. But, in less than more words, I could do it with perhaps two or three more characters. If you- or anyone else- have a female character they'd like to see from the comics, let me know, and I'll consider adding them after the Line-Up Piece.

Best regards,

NothingLeft

*067*2020-09-27 05:36

@desperation_fan

Seeing as I have Red She-Hulk and some X-Men, I think I can make both Mystique and She-Hulk happen- and since Jennifer is a lawyer and Mystique is a spy, I can already think of some good scenarios for both- however, I personally don't like the Fantastic Four (both of the comics and of the films- though, I can think of some good situations for the Invisible woman involving some mysteriously appearing puddles) and Tandy, or Dagger, breaks one of the rules of my pieces, falling under the eighteen-year hard limit, and I feel odd about having an underage character, even if aged up by myself.

And before she's brought up, Shuri is at least eighteen by Infinity War, and since she lived in trade of M'Baku in this story line, she's twenty-three now, though she was already of age prior to my own storyline.

To summarize; Due to personal feelings, Jennifer Walters and Mystique will be considered. If anyone else has recommendations- that adhere to the rules in the genesis of this string- they will be added to a consideration list. It should also be said that any or all characters my not even make it simply due to the amount of characters already under my pen. And, if you have an idea or request for an existing character, don't hesitate to let me know. I may not respond immediately- as Omo.org's notifications seem to rarely ping for me, or not at all, for whatever reason- but I will eventually find it.

Best regards,

NothingLeft

*069*2020-12-24 03:57

Valkyrie

Ticklish

New Asgard, Queens Quarters

The Queen of New Asgard, the prodigious Avenger and a happily newly-wed bride, Valkyrie giggled with a clear note of haughtiness as she and her king, lover and now finally husband embraced against the wall. The heat between them was visible as Valkyrie placed her knee next to Loki’s hip. The God of Mischief, without even thinking, readily took hold of the supple, thick bottom curve of her thigh, hiking up the hem of her royal Aesir dress as his hand quickly moved for her ass. Valkyrie moaned and giggled simultaneously when Loki’s firm hand squeezed her flesh- half of his hand was on her heated, lustful flesh, but the other half’s touch was muzzled by the fabric of her underwear, which she felt so unanimously pleased and begrudged at that she couldn’t honestly tell if she was about to moan in pleasure or groan in disappointment.

But when Loki pulled Valkyrie’s pelvis into his and gently ground his firm, thick cock against a divet between the plump caramel lips that lay underneath the tight, red cloth of his queen’s thin-but-still-too-thick underwear, she wholeheartedly picked her former option. Loki grinned with a breathy laugh when Valkyrie’s throat let flow a harmonious, low moan that seemed to blow up the very room they were set in like a balloon. Valkyrie now had only one foot on the floor, the ten-inch height difference they both eternally lusted for made slightly more bearable by her tall, elaborately crafted Aesir heels.

Loki’s hands desperately grabbed at Valkyrie’s back, searching for the neck of her dress, a zipper, some buttons- just anything to get to more of her skin open to his hungry grasp. In tandem, he slid down from his lover’s hot, open mouth onto the curve of her jaw and further onto her throat kissing and sucking on the clear, unfettered light skin. Valkyrie sucked her luscious, shiny lips in as she moaned, allowing her eyes to flutter closed- had they even been open to begin with?- her thigh still pressed hard against Loki’s hip.

“My love… I think it time to remove-” as he spoke, he fanned the fancy material of her white, flowy dress in mild, building irritation “- this, hmm?” The hand he still had clasped to her butt massaged with a squeeze, teasing the heat that ached just inches from the tips of his fingers. She knew he felt it when she saw his eyes somehow dilate even further. The heat between them had, some time ago, melted her vocal cords, leaving her unable to say much aside from moans and gasps.

Wordless they both were as Valkyrie strode quickly and shakily through the large hall, thanking the Gods that all of the citizens had departed to their homes again, as she could barely walk with the heat between her legs and she was confident there was a physical, inviscid boiling drip of her heat running down the silky surface of her thigh as her heels clicked against the dark wooden floor and bounced off of the tall stone walls. Through an ornate dark wooden door that was slammed loudly and hurriedly behind them and once again the lovers were caught in a hurricane of heat, passion and growing despondency as Loki took a fiercer hold of his Queen’s jugular, ripping a fuller, lower moan that rumbled her chest as it escaped.

Loki’s hands found their way to her ass again, though this time they were blocked by the fabric of her dress. He growled in irritation as did Valkyrie when her small, skinny hand found the bulge of her lover’s penis, still restricted by the black dress pants he wore. And a belt. And underwear- fuck, why were either of them dressed, this was infuriating! She was getting mad now, and the deafening cacophony of feelings around her and inside her were blurring her vision and thought, only furthering her madness in identical parallel with her vivacious appetite for the man she was now uncontrollably, almost violently grating against.

The searing heat between her legs and inside her belly. The restlessness in her hands. The not-quite-enough groping on her ass. The varying suckling on her throat. The thick fabric on her body. The aching in her breasts as her nipples, sensitized by the desperate ache of need surging through her body, rubbed against the suddenly coarse fabric of her dress. The disembodied moans of both her and her lover. The sudden loss of control she felt as her hips ground against Loki with a passion so strong it could only be fuelled by the one deeper within her. Her voice was broken and incomplete as she begged,

“Just take off- I- please-” Even she didn’t know what she was trying to say at this point, but Loki seemed to as he fumbled to undo the belt that was around his thin waist, somehow managing to do it with his mouth never leaving the sensitive, throbbing tube that ran through her throat. There was a metal clinking and thick leather shifting before Loki sighed against her very bloodstream, sending the cruelest of rolls throughout her entire body. Valkyrie pulled back from Loki’s maw as she tried to see his manhood, smiling lust-drunkenly when it twitched under her gaze. It was still restricted under a layer of dark grey underwear, but a small, dark dot on the fabric eluded to Loki’s own true hunger.

Valkyrie’s smooth hands immediately pulled down the black waistband, and the large, veiny, reddening cock that twitched under her hot, ravenous gaze caused a manic flick of the Queen’s tongue to poke the edges of her shiny, inviting lips. Her brown eyes, heated with a most romantic lust, peered up from under her sleek, sensually heavy eyelids to the steely-green pair her lover looked down on her so lovingly with. A curt yet nearly wicked smile rested on him. The emotion she felt when his deft tongue ran across his lip caused her heart to all-too readily begin skipping more beats than it hit, hammering her ribcage irregularly but with the force of an iron-ball hammer.

“My dear… “ He began quaintly, though her ears did indeed pick up a decently weighty quiver- a quiver of excitement, and perhaps even a little bit of playful fear- and when she heard her byname, she thought her irises would overtake her scleras. She looked into his eyes, her lust evolving into a primal, insatiable hunger, slowly but surely the longer they stalled.

Valkyrie slipped her slim, silk fingers into the waistband of her lover’s underwear, caressing the pale skin she found. His smile grew only more coy and excited, coaxing her further. She moved her hands to his front, and as her fingers brushed against his godhood she easily allowed her palms to curl around it. A green hue passed over Loki’s eyes, almost magically.

She’d been had.

Loki, the true Loki, suddenly materialized behind her, a very prominent erection also suddenly pressed against the soft, pronounced curve of her butt. The one before vanished with a haze of green light that trapped her against the wall. The sudden stimulation of his erection pressed against her caused a low, rumbling groan of unsatisfied need to quake Valkyrie’s body.

“Bullshit, that’s not fair,” She complained, her hands tense against the wall, nails scraping with desperation, desperation to quell the beating, burning need broiling within her guts. It was tightening with each and every of his thunderous groans.

“You didn’t listen- I asked you to remove it and you didn’t- you just… had to drag it out-” the way he held his ‘h’ with a hot, long sighing growl caused her heart to discernibly stop, her core running and very nearly overflowing with magmatic juices “- I had no choice, Val…” The woman underneath sighed in agitation. She was going to, but she had priorities, dammit. Though, as Loki’s hand caressed her side, she was struck with a sudden fear. Her throat suddenly caught up and she released a breathy, low gasp. She heard Loki chuckle and felt his hand again, this time closer to her side than before.

“I… Don’t,” She threatened, but the sheer sexual desperation in her face forced all of the bite she wanted to inject to remain in the ball in her throat. Loki leaned in closer, pressing himself against her sleek body. His erection was laid between the curves of her butt, but the sensation was muffled by the poofy fabric in between. Now both hands were teasing her soft sides, threatening her with something she viciously hated.

The Queen of New Asgard was very ticklish, especially when she was aroused, as every sense in her body felt dialed up past anything she usually felt.

“Hm. And what if I do…” He paused and ran his hands with a feather touch down to clutch her hips. “My dear?” The tone was salacious and positively filthy, certainly unfit for the ears of the New Asgardian rulers, yet Queen Valkyrie felt her mouth grow somehow warmer and her pussy impossibly more inflamed. Without thinking she responded,

“Neither of us walk for a week.” The statement was final and definitive, yet her tone and a hunger-laden whine near the end when Loki ground his cock against her made it seem more a prophecy than a threat.

“No... That sounds fun, and you know fun tempts me... almost as much as this does,” he moaned, his left hand moving from her hip to her tummy, stroking it carefully. He slowly moved down and brought the mountainous fabric with him as he pushed against his queen’s heated entrance.

“Please,” Now she begged, her sexual desire regrowing in her tone. He sighed with a smile, but devilishly slipped his hands up her ribs, creating a spasm in the Queen’s abdomen and a girlish giggle that was quite out of her character.

“Loki!” She yelled through an involuntary smile, her voice strained and angry, but the rest of her body traitorously quite opposed in a slew of ways. This wasn’t going to end well for either of them, Valkyrie silently swore.

Though, if she knew what was about to happen, she would easily take that back. But for then, for that night, she did not- especially when she managed to turn the tides on her tricky husband- despite his salacious and confident promises of vengeance.

The Next Day

God, her thighs were sore. Not horribly, but the inner muscles felt an amount weak and strained from last night’s events. She wasn’t arguing in the slightest- the warmth that still held deep in her tummy, the glow that clung to her exposed skin, the smile that was constantly on her face, the dark purple and lightly throbbing blotch on the curve of her jugular and the wobble that had been in her walk earlier that morning told everything without a single word.

There was sex, it was rough, she was pleased. The sun beamed down on her, her people and their land gloriously, signifying their grace, their resilience and their might. Granted, they weren’t as mighty as Asgard may once have been, but they remained, refusing to ebb in the face of time or any brutal, bloody hardship.

Valkyrie wore distinctly civilian clothing- a black, longsleeve shirt with a yellow sleeveless waterproof vest, black slacks and knee-high rubber boots- which helped her not only integrate herself with her people- she believed that to be a good leader, she must know the struggles of her people, and she was damn intent on being the best leader she could be- but also be as helpful as possible in the dockwork her people did so diligently.

Now, she stood amongst her people on the docks as they reeled in their fishing nets- made out of thick but biodegradable rope- hauled in traded goods, wheeled out the hauls on carts to the people in the city square of New Asgard and whatever else the people needed done. She helped where she could, wherever there was room to help, and she had been since early that morning. It was now just past noon- with the sun shining down blissfully, fueling their efforts- and the Queen felt… Good, productive, helpful, all she wished to be when she took on the role of Valkyrie so many centuries ago. She breathed a deep sigh, the unique aroma of her home of over six years now deeply familiar and comforting.

The salty scent of the sea. The somewhat rancid smell of fish. The crisp smell of evergreen trees far leeward. The refreshing scent of cool glaciers far, far away but brought by swirling ocean currents. Norway. It was beautiful, in some ways far more than Asgard could ever hope to be.

“My Queen, a beast’s come in from the boat lure! Deep sea, my Queen- it’s a fighter!” One of the fishermen called to her from a group, handling one of the large nets that were cast into the vast ocean before them. The net seemed to withhold something quite strong- so strong, three Asgardians couldn’t reel it forth. Valkyrie smiled as she jogged to the net, taking one of the leather handholds in either of her skilled, calloused hands. With a nod to what seemed to be the impromptu leader of the group, there was a countdown from three to one before they all gave a hard, collaborated pull. The extra manpower pulled the net in and the four used the momentum to continue. Through her exertion, Valkyrie shouted to some others,

“Hooks!” Three others, wielding thick metal hooks tied to long, half-foot-thick rope began twirling the hooks to build up speed. A few moments later, the three sharp hooks were sailing overhead before landing squarely into the lattice of the net, catching and holding taut. The Queen straightened her stance and tightened her grip for the strain to come.

“Heave!” One of the hookmen shouted. All seven- four on the net and three manning the hooks- began pulling as hard as they could to reel in the mass within the net. Valkyrie couldn’t yet tell what was within, but it was something big. Perhaps a large school, or even a single, very large creature. The Queen, as well as her people, began to grit their teeth from the effort. The net, slowly, began to come closer to shore, but whatever was within was not coming in at all easily. But it was near enough to the shore now that something could be done to ease the struggle.

“Tranks!” The net-leader shouted. Finally, another Asgardian came, wielding what seemed to be a harpoon launcher loaded with what seemed to be a large needle. There was a pressurized blast of air when suddenly the struggle of the beast beneath the surface increased tenfold. Valkyrie and the other three netmen shouted as they were nearly yanked off their feet. Were it not for the Queen’s quick thinking and swordsmanship- as her invincible Dragonfang plunged into the sturdy, immovable dirt- the net would have flown away with the beast.

But now, the Queen felt like her shoulders were to be ripped from her body. Her face was twisted in pain and effort, one hand gripping the rope and the other handling the Dragonfang’s hilt. Her face hardened further as she bore the effort with a combined cry of pain and exertion.

“Ropes!” The leader shouted. Valkyrie heard wild shuffling before her effort suddenly became much easier to manage. The three others manning the net retook their leather holds, easing the load the Queen had to bear. She dug her heels into the dirt and sheathed her blade before retaking her right-hand grip on the net. The leader announced another heave, for which Valkyrie stood again. The seven men and women gave one last, torrential pull. Suddenly, the beast stopped moving, much to the thankfulness of the Queen and her six netmen.

However, they were still pulling with all of their combined might, which accidentally yanked the beast entirely onto the dock. A giant, fish-like creature- black, slimy skin covering the main body with a white underbelly and a white portion over the eyes that made them seem far larger- slammed onto the wooden dock like a slab of mud. The creature had the harpoon-needle just plunging the flesh behind the dorsal fin atop its body, barely piercing the layer of blubber and therefore hardly fatal. Within the needle was an incredibly potent tranquilizer to make reeling in large catches, such as this beast, easier.

The Queen panted lightly as she dropped her grips of the net alongside her other netmen. She knew this creature, it was an uncommon but recurring pull from their deep-sea lures. Among torrents of herring and the occasional minke or humpback whale, these “killer” whales were sometimes the largest- this one seemed above average, perhaps the length of nearly four grown men- and its species were some of the most bountiful catches they could secure on their ports.

The beast lay there, salty water spilling onto the dock as the Queen brushed rogue locks of shiny chocolate hair from her face with raw hands. Her people looked to her for confirmation; would they keep this, or throw it back to the ocean and hunt for something else?

“Good. Keep it- shit- and, y’know… Harvest it,” Her brain failed to think of the proper words as something else, something a little more pressing came to the front of her mind and her priorities. All that heaving, all that effort and all that strain brought up a necessary function of her life.

Her bladder.

The people set to work on the beast as the queen turned to a path that led to New Asgard’s main square. Her need was manageable, certainly, but the exertion of the beast’s resistance had an unusually powerful effect on her control. Valkyrie breathed a shallow, tight-lipped sigh as she began back. She waved as her people sparsely moved to and from the dock under their agendas. The ones headed to carried rods, others paddles, some groups even hauling boats and canoes to help the fishing effort, while the ones moving away wheeled shallow carts of fresh herring, trade goods and lumps of fresh whale meat from other catches for refrigeration or packaging.

The Queen paused for a moment and looked over the dock, full of working Asgardians. She felt a swell of pride in her chest as she truly digested the fact that, among everything else, she had helped these people rebuild, she and her King Loki had rebuilt, with the people of Asgard as unbreakable walls, a great nation that was destroyed by unpreventable forces set in motion millennia before they could even be realized into something that not only existed for the sake of existence, but existed in spite of every antagonistic force ever plied to them. She was proud. Proud of herself, proud of her king, but most proud of her people.

‘Oh god,’ she thought to herself, her bladder swelling against her tummy and pressing against her organs with a pinch, ‘How did I get so full?’ Another swell coursed through her being as her bladder pulsed under her belly. Valkyrie bent at her knees, her feet turned in as she rested her palms on her thighs. Oh, it was getting worse, she couldn’t be staring at water right now, not with her bladder aching like it was. She turned on her heel to move to the square, but as if fate hated her…

The path to the square was a hill. Not a brutal one at all, but it was a sure slope that would affect her gait. The queen felt her throat bob unconsciously with a slight disquiet, but she furrowed her brow. Her need wasn’t that bad, and even if it was she would not be defeated by a measly hill, not after the crime ring after-party, not after everything that had happened over her life.

She began her trek, doing her best to not pay any mind to the large ocean to the left of her view. But, every second that she tried her best to not see the bobbing, calm, flowing ocean right next to her, the more it seemed to rise and overtake the horizon. The sky and ocean were very different colours- the sky a clear and serene light blue that brought her peace and calm, but the ocean dark, hazy dark indigo that seemed to be bottomless which brought her deep feelings of worry, light distress, but also… Flow. The ocean bobbed against the skyline, waving and dipping as the waters moved with the swishes of fish deep, deep within and winds from distant, distant air currents, ocean currents and breezes. Flow…

The Queen, only a piddly- no, no that sounded like puddle which is a thought Valkyrie couldn’t bear to think- halfway up the hill, had to stop in her tracks, again bending at the knees and pointing her feet, her hands inching closer and closer to the point she so hoped stayed dry the more she desperately- oh god- tried not to think of the… churning, swirling… flowing ocean next to her-

She groaned through her teeth as a hand actually moved to her slack-censored crotch, squeezing herself to add pressure her urethra refused to offer. All of her mind was making her need so much worse when it really shouldn't have been all that bad. She stood there- thankfully, the traffic of the hill had ceased for now- clasping herself so shamelessly and trying not to let her mind overcome her will not to… fail.

Minutes passed as the Queen struggled to stay upright, groaning to herself. The flare was slowly, slowly subsiding, but the pulsing against her intestines that pushed up and against her stomach was disorienting, painful, catastrophically familiar. No, this would not happen again, she wouldn’t allow it. She grit her teeth- similarly to how she did holding the rope that had enabled all of this in the first place- and stood, powering through her wobbles and cramping spasms. It was getting worse, and she knew the more she stood around the worse it would get. She had to move.

She had to go.

She willed herself, moving all of the strength it didn’t take to walk into her bladder, hopefully fortifying it thoroughly enough that she could make it… Somewhere. Hel, if she got into the square, at least there she could peek behind a building, find a dense shrub or even dart into the forest, but on the trail, where everyone could see her Not an option. So, struggling to regain her mind, she placed one of her feet in front of the other while also keeping her thighs painfully clenched, for she felt if she didn’t there would be… evidence, if not a disaster.

Another sturdying puff of air and Valkyrie managed another, more confident step forward, still barely able to separate her thighs- remarkably, her thighs aching and clamping from last night seemed beneficial instead of detrimental now, how the tides- oh goddamnit!- turn sometimes. She smiled through the aching, throbbing sense of her filling bladder at her little revelation before she tightened her thighs, willing her bladder to recede for just five damn minutes. Just enough time to make it up the hill, please.

She managed another step, breathing hard with the effort it suddenly took. Then another, the pressure equalizing and becoming more supportable, just… very slowly. Another, another, another and another until, this time, the step she took was daring; a larger, longer one that required her thighs to separate more cohesively, seemingly a test. Luckily, the pressure had backed down to a point where she could walk almost normally, even if she had to bite her lip harder than what felt comfortable.

She smiled and laughed deprecatingly when she felt a slick, hot bead of sweat roll down the back of her soft, strained thigh and into the cave of the back of her knee. This, this- walking, something so simple as bloody walking- was making her sweat? At first, it sounded ridiculous. But, when she considered just how much… cargo she carried, it seemed to reason itself out. Another deep sigh, and with tears of effort barely lining her vision, Valkyrie hardened herself. She was just over halfway now, she was so close.

Breathing heavily and fists clenched so tight her knuckles were going between caramel, yellow, pink and white within seconds of each other, Valkyrie pushed her clenched, locking, tired, aching and straining thighs to push her, she pushed her feet off of the dirt ground, she pushed every muscle in her leg up and forward. Still no one passed her as she did, thank the gods. She dully heard her small feet podding against the dirt compacted so thoroughly by use as blood rushed through her ears and heated her chest with conflicting determination, anxiety, worry, self-assurance and pure will to make it. She nearly fainted when her foot hit the solid, flat ground of the square. She had to bite her lip nearly severingly to keep from laughing to herself. She was going to make it dammit- despite the forces that worked against her! She just needed somewhere private, unpopulated and discrete.

Fast.

The Queen crossed her legs tightly and put her hands on her hips, dedicating almost all of her energy to resist the primal urge to bounce, dance and fidget against the need to… Go. Even with all her efforts, though, she felt her right leg jiggle against the left as surges of desperation and need surged through it from the tight, coiled ball of boiling magma just under her stomach. A blast of panic from the swelling balloon surged through her, causing her legs to lock up further, forcing her to bend at the knees and push her butt out. The surge also caused her hands to tense up and grab the rough fabric of her slacks in a throttlehold sheerly to resist jamming them into her warm, vain and so-far-dry thighs.

This needed to happen now.

Valkyrie didn’t even bother to right her stance- she was confident that, at this point, she really couldn’t- and began panickedly searching the square for something- anything- that had a bathroom that wasn’t someone’s house. Her options were slim- the general store, the meat market and a fishing shop. Nothing that advertised a bathroom and she wasn’t sure she would be able to check to see just to find out there wasn’t one. What had once been a small calling was now true desperation; sweat was beading down her precious, shaking thighs and ever so gently down her forehead, rolling down like the liquid just inside her precious opening so longed to do with a bitterly forceful pressure. Her hands still held her slacks tightly in their iron grip, refusing to let go as if her hands would keep her bladder from erupting. Her teeth were clenched tightest of all, painfully grinding her teeth back into her head.

Nothing, nothing, nothing! Holy shit- fuck it!

With all the speed, power and control the Queen of New Asgard had left in her shaking, desperate and near-collapse body to dart from where she stood to the closest houses. When New Asgard had been built, the first thing that was considered was compactness, so the houses were built rather close to each other, with enough space for fences between properties, allowing- albeit somewhat limited- privacy. The houses she darted between were somehow, magically empty- the right house contained no one, as the previous owners had been wedded and moved to another home, and the left house’s inhabitants were down on the docks.

As she almost collapsed against the house, Valkyrie finally allowed herself to crumble. He hands released her slacks and took a vicious, violent hold on her crotch, clamping down hard on the only exit her bladder had short of exploding outright- which felt very possible now. She let out a garbled mess of sounds; part moan, part groan, part laugh, part sob, part gasp as she did, her thighs trembling helplessly as they resisted the flood she held so passionately within her.

Her hands crept up from her clothed vagina- though a desperate, warning beat of her bladder drew a sorry, sob-like pleading mess of a noise at their absence- to the button of her slacks as they desperately tried to flip the damn button out of the suddenly-far-too-tight slit. She moaned in worry as her thighs shook, her leg bouncing just to try to ward off the flood that was coming, it was so fucking close, just please, let her get her pants off first!

As she struggled, she failed to hear light and plotted footsteps creeping up beside her bouncing, desperate figure. In a fit of sudden rage, Valkyrie peeled herself off the wall and unwittingly turned her back on whoever approached. She moaned again but this was fused with a desperate gasp of success as the button finally popped out of its hole. Her hands shot to her hips and into her slacks and the hem of her dark underwear before madly trying to ruff them down.

Suddenly, two pale and thin hands latched onto Valkyrie’s sides, causing her to gasp and squeak in surprise, jerk her hands out of her pants so hard they almost slapped her in the face- the waistband of her jeans and panties only on the breach of her hipbones, her lusciously dark hair peering from over the band with a tease of the soft, serene lips were buried beneath her healthy patch of thick hair- and, devastatingly, a healthy leak to eject from her with an inaudible jet into her clothes, dying the lap of her slacks an even darker shade, sheening where the liquid trickled further down her thighs. With every ounce of strength she had left- which wasn’t much, rest assured- she halted the spurt, but the damage was done; there was a dark

But, the hands didn’t retract. With a hellish, accented and deep laugh, the hands suddenly tensed and began spasming against Valkyrie’s soft, smooth sides. She squealed loudly, followed by a cacophony of giggles, harsh gasps and desperately sad moans.

Before Valkyrie could turn around and murder whoever was doing this, before she could move- before she could even process her next rapid, laughing breath- all the sounds now encircling her spasming figure were joined and trumped by one that, had she not been laughing uncontrollably, would have petrified her. A steady, violent hkkk, like running water against hard fabric.

Oh no.

Through her giggling and against the tickling that was still assaulting her, Valkyrie managed to look down to her crotch, tears flooding the bottom of her vision.

Her vagina, exposed to open air thanks to her squirming, was hellishly funnelling hot- what seemed to be steaming- urine into her panties and the slacks that contained them. She felt her thighs grow hot, she felt searing drops, rivulets and rivers burning her flesh away as they flew down her calves, tickling her ankles before pooling both in and around her boots. Had she not been under a vicious attack that kept her laughing, fitting and squirming, she would have been mortified. Horrified. The tears in her eyes would be genuine, not forced from laughter she had no reign over. Her sides were electric, sending unpreventable signals dancing through the rest of her body- and they seemed to all be designated to both empty her bladder as soon, hard and loud as possible as well as short-circuit her diaphragm, making any rational breath impossible.

Finally, Valkyrie managed to wrench out of whoever’s grasp she had found herself damningly caught in, turning towards whoever it was but still giggling and shaking from the laughter. Her stream didn’t stop, it didn’t even stutter, it just continued flowing down her legs and onto the ground around her. Her panties were entirely dark with hot liquid and soaked through, her boots flooding already- hell, even the shirt she wore had caught some of the splash from her violent jerking. The hkkk didn’t relent any more than its source did- which, was to say, not at all- and the Queen couldn’t help but laugh and shiver at what was happening. Through her gasps, she managed,

“Oh- oh god, fuck!” Her knees caved inwards and her feet turned in, but the flow only followed her legs, sometimes arching from one fold in her slacks to another. But, despite the giggles and the pain and mortification under it, Valkyrie felt her eyelids flutter closed for but a moment, accompanied by a satisfied moan.

The pressure that had been compacting her tummy so intensely was quickly flooding out of her and into her clothes, amidst her noises and conflicted emotion. It was quickly leaving, quickly allowing her organs to relax. The feeling that grew in her torso as her bladder was squeezed dry could only be akin to a soft, gentle orgasm. Another moan left her lips, followed by giggles, and Queen Valkyrie couldn’t help but embrace the feeling, running her hands through her hair and tangling them, allowing them to rest there. Her head tilted back with a soft, long moan as she pushed hard, just wanting to get this travesty over with so she could kill her attacker with a slight shred of dignity.

The hkkk, as violent as it was, grew harder, into a sound that lacked description. It was loud, almost as loud as the Queen herself. It was beyond violent, to the point she thought her slacks would have a hole in them. But, much to her shock, the sound was so intense, so hard, that it aroused her. She opened her eyes, her breathing erratic as she finally got out her last few giggles. Though, as the surprise from the tickling ended, she was overtaken by the shame. Her neck erupted into flame as she looked to her crotch. It was still flooding, fresh piss bubbling in the valley of her clenched, tight, shivering thighs, but the pressure was beginning to die, slowly. The pressure was almost fully gone from her organs, and her bladder was beginning to get a different ache, this one purely of emptiness. It hurt, but not in a bad way. It hurt good.

God, she couldn’t stop it.

Another moan left her, this one almost inaudible as she bent her head back. The shame was harsh, but the pleasure she felt from the fast-enclosing empty and the relief she got from her bladder draining overpowered it. She mewled as she fell against the wall, the now moderately-pressured stream rushing down her left thigh, wrapping around the hot skin in fiery brooks and into her boot, which splashed as it overflowed, warm urine rolling down from the lip of the boot.

Loki was stunned. Truly rooted to the spot. This was not what he meant to do. He thought he’d get the revenge he swore so sweetly the night prior by forcing her to become complete putty in his hands, but this… He couldn’t stop staring as the hot, hot liquid ran down his Queen’s soft thighs before pouring into her slacks and funnelling down her pant legs before bubbling over the lips of her boots and streaming down to the dirt she stood shakily upon. Despite what he wanted to hope to think, he did notice that Valkyrie seemed to… she seemed to be enjoying it. Perhaps not the...accident, but she was enjoying some part of this- if the hazy smile that breached her face and the blissfully closed eyes she sported told him anything.

Valkyrie couldn’t stop another light sigh escaping her. The pressure disappearing was so enticing, so erotic, so vastly different; the liquid and pressure flooding from her body as opposed to the embarrassment flooding into her. Both were so warm- not just warm, hot. The embarrassment was burning her spine, like a string of pure flame was running up and down her gentle, electrified spine, searing her bones with its everlasting imprint.

But the urine that was still gushing out of her with wet, bubbling gurgles against her folded and shaking flesh, running down her leg and setting her skin on fire, was boiling. Heated past any temperature that was attainable through any other means, now rushing from her tired, aching, weakened and so arousingly empty bladder to where it shouldn’t ever have been.

They were both silent- Valkyrie with a soft, absentminded half-smile and Loki with stunned, wide eyes- for the long, noisy seconds that were filled to the brim not with speaking, but rather two sets of intoxicating, deafening pattering; one set was the pee spraying directly into the taut fabric of the queen’s pants and panties while the other was the warm streams running down every fold, every dip and bump in the wet, dark fabric. Every stream glittered a light clear-gold in the soft, rare light that managed to seep into the passageway the king and queen were tucked within. The stream was slowly dying now, the flood that once was, now a decently-pressured rush pouring from her soft, shiny pink lips, bordered by the dark, meaty flesh of her crotch and the shiny, curly thicket of hair.

Valkyrie rolled again the wall when the stream waving from her opening sputtered as she tried to clench her thighs, but they were too weak and almost gave out. She finally, feeling her thighs ache with tire, allowed her muscles to relax. Her shielded pussy emerged from the tight ‘v’ her muscles tautness had created, allowing the weakening flow to spread out over both of her legs. The narrow rivers of hot pee ran down her, passing through the overly waterlogged fabrics of her panties and slacks and into her boots, which already contained their own warm lakes of pee. What ever rolled over the edge of her boots just cascaded down into the slim muddy puddle that was growing around her. The hkkk was now a gurgling, messy hscch as it smacked the wet fabric below the soaked, dripping lips its liquid raunchily spurted out of.

Loki watched intensely as the stream grew thinner and thinner, staring shamelessly as it dribbled small orbs of glittering urine down wet tracks on his Queen’s thighs, catching glimpses of light in artistically perfect ways, like a painting created by a most watchful eye that caught every detail, every glitter, every dripping, steaming, thin stream of pee rolling down the soft, meaty caramel thighs that were still lightly shaking from the exertion that had gone through- first the fishing ropes, then the sheer will of holding back her flood and finally, the effort to limit her battering loss of control.

Slowly, the two stood as the flow became silent. Only the gentle trickling babble of small, thin streams dripping down her thick and well-muscled thighs and calves, with barely noticeable glitters of fresh-running pee peeking through her slacks. It was years, solid, dense, silent and tumultuous years before the stream, already thin, weak and bare, became soft, boiling drops rolling down, barely affecting the dark and water-dense fabrics or the pools in her boots.

The silence rang in Valkyrie’s ears almost as much as the ensuing shame did as the ache, deep and thick in her bladder caused the pleasure seeping into her tummy created a light and airy sense in her head, making her almost dizzy. She pried her eyes open, her vision blurry with tears of relief.

Loki’s steel-green eyes met her wet and earthy eyes, his filled with surprise, worry and a slight bit of curiosity. After all he had just seen- caused, by accident- he had… just so many damn questions. Valkyrie’s lungs felt empty, breath stolen by the shame, pleasure and relief of her bladder’s unintentional release. As she looked to Loki, her mind’s airiness slowly began fading, allowing her mind to function through the mud her mix of emotions had created. The first thing that created a spark in her mind;

Rage.

She cried out, her voice rough and tainted by a fading sigh of relief, and tried to dash forward in a tackle. But her legs were shaking, weak and fluttery, too tired to fully support her weight. She began to collapse, her boots sliding in the warm mud that was beneath her. Loki, sensing his wife’s sudden anger, dashed to her form and caught her, easing her in a careful, supporting grip. But, as both his arms were underneath her, she couldn’t do anything to repel a limp-wristed slap against his pale, sharp-boned cheek.

“You son of a…” She breathed out, her eyes hazy and clouded. She made a few more noises that sounded like they were trying to be more insults, but died on her relieved breathlessness. A few moments of her chest rising and falling passed, with Valkyrie’s butt dropping to the cool, solid dirt as she laid her tired body on her husband’s lap.

“Why…” She sighed, her eyes growing a little more angry with her question. Loki grinned sheepishly and moved a hand to caress his queen’s cheek. He wanted the surprise attack to be his sworn vengeance, but he hadn’t foreseen her bursting to pee. But, despite it all, despite her wrath he knew was well incoming, he felt… calm. From her moans and sighs, she had been desperate, and despite the somewhat rushed manner in which she released her balloon full of liquid tension, she seemed… Not happy about it, but blissfully relieved. Loki’s smile grew as he held his wife, his queen, his lover and his beautifully tired woman closer, thinking of just what to retort her with. He placed a gentle, feather-light kiss across her lips and, without any more thinking, whispered;

“Revenge, love. My beautiful, desperate revenge. I swore it, and I keep promises.”

“Dick.”

“Mm, that could be arranged.”

“You’re mean.”

“Oh, it’s not my fault you’re ticklish…”

Wow, it's been a while. Apologies, I'm working through a lot of stuff; my burnout, some personal stuff, procrastination and everything else that every writer ever has experienced. Regardless, off all of the negative shit that 2020's grand coronavirus dealt to the world, I can say that I myself have vastly improved in my writing, so... Nothing major in the grand scheme of things. Regardless, I promise I am working at this "series", just... At a sad pace.

If you have a character you'd like to see have an accident, please feel free to request them- even if they've already been written for. If you have scenarios or something similar, you can also suggest those- or both if you so wish (as long as they adhere to the rules listed in the first post of this forum). If you have any characters that aren't already in the list of requestable characters, feel free to suggest them, and once I complete at least one piece for all current characters, they may be added to the roster.

Nevertheless, I hope you enjoyed. This one was a messy production- I wrote sixty-five percent of it in about a single night- but the ending product is pretty decent, at least I think. But. regardless, thank you for reading and for hopefully enjoying. I probably won't be able to make another one of these for a while, so I'll say this now; Happy holidays, whichever you celebrate (and if you don't... I don't know, have a good day), happy New Year's, and here's hoping that 2021 is a bit easier.

Happy Holidays, All.

Best regards, bow to none,

NothingLeft

*072*2020-12-24 12:06

@trekkie

Yes! When I listed Vanessa as an applicable character, I always wanted to transform her into Copycat, but could never find a good route to use. By God, I think you just found it. I've been putting off a Vanessa piece for a while now, so consider it underway!

