Marvel/MCU Stories - Page 3

Author: NothingLeft

*061*2020-09-10 23:39

Maria Hill

Particle Of A Moment

S.W.O.R.D. Headquarters

Emma Grace Frost was ashamed, humiliated and absolutely furious, and she was staring at the woman who was at fault from across a desk and through a window.

Maria Hill, supposed head of the Sentient World Observation and Response Division- or, more easily, S.W.O.R.D.- was sorting through the transcripts and recollections of yesterday’s briefing, or so it seemed. She was completely ignorant to Emma’s stare, but the cause for her visit was also unknown to everyone except Emma, as it was also the cause of the White Queen’s shame.

After the briefing yesterday, Emma had to pee. It had been almost two hours long, far longer than any briefing had reason or right to be- so when it finally did end, she was focusing only on not flooding her seat. She had spent the next fifteen minutes painstakingly making her ways through the winding hallways and around the agents, Avengers and any other prodding eyes to spare herself the shame. But it was all for not yesterday, as she couldn’t find a bathroom in time and-

Emma’s blood bit at her veins as it boiled, her mind roiling as it recalled why she was here. Her petite, elegant fingers curled into such tight fists that cracks came from her knuckles. She stared at Hill through the window, barely containing herself. A man, somewhat short with a tall forehead and a single glove on his right hand came in and closed the door to her office.

Maria smiled and spoke inaudibly, rising to meet the man with a firm handshake. They were certainly more than colleagues- though that was only clear to her because Emma was an expert psychologist. The subtle hints in both parties told her much of their story; Maria took her seat again, but her posture was more relaxed and casual than it was previously. They were friends. Maria’s deep-ocean eyes were shining, and her pupils were slightly larger than just a moment ago. Lovers, in fact. Though, a slight falter in Maria’s smile and a glance down to her hands. Les amoureux ne sont plus. But, the open posture of both people suggested that they were both willing to try again.

‘Even after this, cliff-head?’ Emma smirked as Maria returned her eyes to the transcripts. She pulled her legs under her desk and passed her visitor some of the papers, and it was then that Emma saw a clear opening for her plan.

Emma was vindictive when it came to revenge. She had felt such humiliation yesterday, and only something equal or positively worse would do. There were reasons Emma was a remarkable psychologist- mainly years of study and practice. That was the main reason, really, but there was another reason, and it had to do with the disaster that had struck five and a half years ago: April fifteenth, 2018, half the world disappeared. April sixteenth, 2023, half the world reappeared. April twentieth, 2018, there is a spike in acute gamma poisoning all across the world. April twenty-fourth, Emma woke up able to read minds and control people.

Emma was a telepath.

Apparently, she had a rare genetic mutation, damn near undetectable under normal means and when Thanos- the alien titan who had somehow killed half the world- did so, it somehow- all the knowledge and data of the Vanishing was quite hush-hush for some reason- caused a huge gamma radiation wave. People who couldn’t adapt to the gamma got sick or died, but those who could- those with the gene, such as Emma herself- metabolized the radiation. But, in 2023, the radiation had come again. However, because of the previous wave, the gene in Emma’s body had been ready and had absorbed the gamma, metabolizing it yet again. However, the metabolization had taken the form of… Telepathy, apparently.

And Emma wasn’t alone.

All across the globe, people were gaining superpowers and mutations. A high-forehead English lad had developed organic, feathery wings that sprouted from his back. A large Russian man’s skin turned to unbreakable steel. A rough-and-rowdy American mercenary woman- whom Emma had the displeasure of commonly interacting with- had grown incredibly strong and durable. One Canadian man had even grown bones from his knuckles!

Emma shuddered as she imagined sharp bones tearing her skin but quickly refocused her mind- ever since her mutation, Emma’s mind had a tendency to wander, sometimes literally as a nearby agent itched his knuckles uncomfortably- and she didn’t at all give a toss for it.

She wanted, so bad, to know more about Thanos, her mutation or how it came to be, but all the information she wanted was being kept out of her unexpectedly long reach. Emma shook her head out of her thoughts and refocused her cool seafoam eyes on Maria, who was now standing alongside the tall-headed man as another man, this one in an out-of-uniform black trenchcoat, faced his back to Emma, likely giving orders to the two. What, she couldn’t discern, but the man was clearly important as both Maria and her partner’s- All of Emma’s bets were on them getting together if she didn’t avenge herself, she could feel it- were stiff and attentive. The man nodded and moved to exit, his voice reaching Emma as he spoke with the door open,

“And get those transcripts checked, sum’bitches couldn’t’a gotten far,” His voice was deep, baritone, commanding and really damn familiar as a dark skinned, one-eyed man- the man’s left eye was under a pirate-like eyepatch with white veins peeking out from underneath- entered Emma’s line of sight. The collar of his coat was up, giving him the appearance of an old-timey lord. He looked Emma right in the eyes for but a moment before he turned to leave, his hands together at the small of his back. His boots were powerful and echoing, giving his presence such an overwhelming aura of authority Emma felt her stance straighten a little.

She shook off the shiver that shot up her curvaceous body’s delicate spine as her heart rate and temper flared. Maria Hill smiled to her partner unassumingly as they retook their seats from within her office. Emma’s humiliating plan formed in her mind for the millionth time that day and a cold smile spread her lips apart in a devilishly plotting manner. Emma was going to project all of the burning mortification, flooding humiliation (a bit too accurate) and unadulterated shame that she had experienced the day prior onto this woman without her knowledge or forewarning serving it as only a warning to the universe.

You do not cross Emily Grace Frost and walk away alive, let alone unscathed. But, murder wasn’t on her mind today, only death. Death of this woman’s social standing and dignity as an eye-for-an-eye (seemed a theme around this office) revenge for the dignity Emma nearly lost herself.

Emma leaned on a thin wall as casually as she could, fortifying her body as not to collapse when she retracted her telepathic powers. As The White Queen’s hellishly cold glare pierced the window, Maria’s thoughts, emotions and, in honesty, being entered Emma’s mind. Her grip on her own wrists tightened with her shiny nails digging into her gentle, unfettered flesh ever so harder. Sensations, a whole woman’s history, actually, rushed through Emma’s head, causing an almost immediate pain at the base of the Queen’s skull.

Concepts and flashes of romance, love, dignity, pride, joviality and loyalty flooded Emma’s mind as she assimilated Maria’s mind to be more cohesive to her own. Emma’s world faded to dark, surrounded by images and memories of aliens, robots, explosions, soldiers, dust and a cacophony of roars, gunfire, booms and metallic tearing and twanging.

‘Bloody Hell- noisy mind, yours is,’ Emma thought to herself. In the office, Maria whispered a damn near inaudible,

“Noisy mind…” Her partner looked up to her, and Emma heard the voice as if she were in Maria’s place. “What?” The voice was even, calm if a little high in pitch. Maria looked up to her partner, finally allowing Emma a comprehensive view of the man. His head was rather oval-shaped with a high forehead and a far hairline, perhaps caused by age, stress or both. His light brown, glittering eyes radiated warmth and care yet seriousness and a dutiful aura. His ears were somewhat large and his face looked more stern than Emma expected. He had a name tag tucked under the lapel of his taut S.W.O.R.D. uniform, though Emma could only make out ‘-lson’.

But Emma couldn’t care less about what Maria was sensing in the meaning of her sight and took a deep breath, allowing her powers to influence the entirety of Maria’s being. Sensations suddenly shot through Emma’s body; she felt the slightly-too-hard chair underneath her, she felt her arms on the desk before her, she felt papers in her left hand and a pen in the right and she felt her hair tug slightly in a low yet uptight bun.

Emma felt her mind adjust to the new perspective, taking studious and slow breaths to steady herself, though any outsider simply saw a woman in white against a wall with her eyes closed. Her eyes flicked open, now fully inside Maria’s mind, though the woman remained foolishly and blissfully unaware of the invasion. Emma felt Maria laugh as her partner cracked a small joke Emma couldn’t give half a toss about as she filed through Maria’s mind, on a quest for just a few things. First, her nerve center. Emma felt her way through Maria’s head until she found her target.

Emma was meticulous as she replicated the feeling of Maria’s lower half; her pelvis, legs and feet, keeping it constant and unchanging. Maria adjusted how she was seated, but she didn’t notice the slight change in sensation. The White Queen smiled.

Finally, it was about damn time for the execution. Execution of not only her plan but also Maria Hill’s standing.

Emma took a quick liberty in the name of testing and caused a slightly painful twitch in Maria’s thigh, though she kept her replicated feeling flowing into Maria’s head. The brunette didn’t even flinch as her trained eyes flicked over the papers in her hands.

‘Not a damn clue.’

She felt for it, the organ of which her entire plan was dependent on. Emma snaked her powers through Maria’s body, sensing every organ until she dropped below the woman’s stomach. About two-thirds full was Maria’s bladder, tight and ready for The Queen’s revenge.

Emma breathed a deep, careful breath as she prepared herself, as she had to be careful. Too careless a twist of her mind’s wrist and it could be disastrous for Maria, yes, but herself as well and she would not have a repeat of the day previous, come hell or high bloody water. Emma steeled her own mind as she twisted a small valve in Maria’s. Emma, despite the tension that had rested on her neck now spreading to her scalp, kept the feeling of unchanging in Maria’s legs, allowing her plan to fully realize. Emma’s breath stopped flowing, her concentration so many layers deep in Maria’s mind she very nearly forgot her own.

Emma allowed herself a bit of gratification and listened through Maria’s ears- though she had the sudden thought to block out this certain… disaster from the woman’s mind-

Wait, no. Before she truly began, Emma wanted to test again. Call her overcautious and what-have-you, she always preferred… pragmatic. Emma carefully, oh so carefully relaxed Maria’s bladder just a touch, allowing just a barely conscious ghostly leak of urine to spill from between the woman’s legs. Not much, but enough that she surely would have felt it had she control of her legs. Nothing?

Maria stretched her neck, massaging it with one hand, but no. Nothing.

Emma smiled with confidence, her plan finally reinforced with the knowledge that Maria wouldn’t know of her situation. A shiver of excitement went up Emma’s back as the reality that this was happening broke through her mind. She breathed a sigh of preparation…

There was subtle silence before it began. Carefully at first as Emma tested, literally, the waters. There was the gentlest of sss-ing as Emma basked in the sound, finally tying even with her previous tormentor. The sss carefully grew into a hsss, the difference menial but distinguishable enough to attract her partner’s attention. The man looked to the brunette with an odd almost disbelieving glance. Maria was painfully unaware, and had Emma not been concentrating so hard on maintaining her illusion, she would have burst out laughing at the woman’s lack of acknowledgement.

After a few moments of the constant, quiet sound, it was joined by a soft sound, a sound Emma could only describe as a pattering. Still, Maria remained unaware. Her partner’s eyes looked to the papers, though he was clearly in sheer disbelief.

Though he suspected what was happening, his usual curiosity demanded confirmation. With a quick brush of one of the papers, he sent it to the floor. With an equally quick drift of his body, he warranted himself a look under the table. The sight he caught was… Well, it was damn near unbelievable.

Maria Hill was a standup woman. Always the first to act, always the first to follow orders, but also the first to know what orders not to follow. But, what the man saw honestly shocked him, and that wasn’t easy to do. Maria Hill’s legs were spread wide open, and the meeting of her thighs was dark. And shiny. And judging by the way there was a small pool between her legs, how there were discernible streams rushing to the floor and how it was clearly spilling from Maria… The man knew Maria was… Well, she was wetting herself.

The man quickly rose from his investigation with the sheet in hand, doing his absolute best to keep his voice straight and his head level. Maria’s steel-blue eyes looked to her partner with an odd smile.

“Are you okay? Y’look a little… pale,” she commented with a smile, completely and utterly unaware of her accident, which was still ongoing as judged by the constant, soft splashing under her desk. Her partner swallowed thickly and nodded, not daring to speak, as he could sense that whatever he said would be far higher in pitch than usual. “Phil, what’s wrong?”

‘Phil,’ Emma memorized.

Phil said nothing, but his eyes motioned down. Maria scoffed- Phil wasn’t ever this quiet or cryptic- but when Maria indulged her partner and looked down, she nearly had a heart attack, despite being only thirty-eight.

Her crotch was soaked, there was a puddle between her legs and a growing wet mark on the carpeted floor beneath her. Although, much to her panic, she couldn’t feel the wetness, or the warmth. In fact, despite the flooding chair, she tried to move her legs only to find out that she couldn’t.

She couldn’t move her fucking legs.

As the panicked thought rushed through Emma’s own mind, she knew she’d have to relent control soon. Maria had found out, and she had wet herself a fair amount already. Though, before she retreated, Emma made sure to fervently weaken Maria’s bladder and the muscles controlling it, ensuring a full and complete accident. Emma carefully began pulling her mind from Maria’s, hissing as the pain in the back of her head grew even more strenuous.

Maria’s eyes couldn’t be torn away from her flooding crotch, but her legs were tingling now. All of a sudden, Maria shot out of her seat to a right stand, urine spilling down her legs for a split second before she collapsed onto the floor. Phil rose to help her, but the sight he caught was enough to freeze him in his tracks, even if for just a moment.

Maria Hill, one of S.W.O.R.D.’s- and previously, S.H.I.E.L.D.’s- strongest agents, was collapsed on the floor, her eyes wide open with confusion and muted disgust, her mouth agape in shock and shame and her legs shaking with numbness and, as much as she would hate him to point out, what seemed like… relief. But, the most obvious thing was the darkened fabric between the woman’s strong thighs. It was a dark blue, even darker than the uniform usually was, and the fabric in a thinning trickle down to her knees was shiny as the quiet cascade streamed from her vagina created a puddle that was to flower out from under the curve of Maria’s butt.

And flower the puddle did. As the subtle almost-cute-sounding hsss that permeated the room pulled a harsh red shade over Maria’s features, a transparent puddle suddenly began around her, soaking in and dying the carpet from a light grey to a wet, swamp-like darker shade. The woman tried to turn- either to hide her accident from Phil or her face from the shame she felt setting her cheeks ablaze- the carpet squshed with a very soaked squelch, and Maria winced herself into a whole new shade of red, her body shamefully freezing her to the spot.

They both remained still as rock, the small hsss filling almost too much of what space was between them. Phil watched as the flowing, shiny patch on Maria’s crotch leaked out from under her and into the carpet, the wet patch of her urine creeping further from under her as the seconds passed. Maria’s breathing was short and flurrious, almost like she was panicking. Her steely eyes were wide, pupils small and her breath was quick, sharp and rushed. Her legs were trembling, her hands were tight fists, and the rims of her eyes were sparkling with what seemed to be…

The beginnings of tears.

Something that had always somewhat bothered Phil was that Maria never cried. Ever. Everyone cried, even him on occasion, but never Maria. She could shoot a man dead, she could pull glass from her own foot, she could stare death in the face with nothing but iron-spirited bravery and come out viciously on top… But this?

The hsssing that had to have been printed on Phil’s brain stem by now was slowly, too slowly beginning to die. The sheen on Maria’s ever so slowly began to fade, and the puddle carefully ceased to grow. After a few seconds of dull, faint whispers of urine breaching from the woman on the ground, silence overtaking the room. Though, unlike the silence from just a minute ago, this one was horrible. For Phil, it brought the uncomfortable question of, ‘what the fuck do I do?’, which he was toxically unaccustomed to. After twenty-four years working at both S.W.O.R.D. and S.H.I.E.L.D., there was a protocol for every situation- Rogue Hulks, Winter Soldier assaults, Thor and Loki having a weekly sibling spat- and a procedure he could follow to the letter.

But Maria Hill? She was scary enough when she wanted to be. She could step on almost any toes she wanted to and manage to get an apology from them, but when she was on the ground, in a puddle of urine on the verge of tears? There was no protocol. No procedure. Hell, there probably wasn’t even a universe where he came out of this room with all of his remaining limbs and body parts intact.

His throat was suddenly dry and painted with damp cotton, like he had tried to eat a sheep whole. Maria was still looking away from him, but this time… there were thin tracks down her cheeks that watery tears had clearly just run. As if telepathically, Maria whispered,

“Don’t look at me.” The words didn’t seem to reach him. Well, they reached him. He heard them clearer than anything else he had ever heard. He was so hyper-focused on his surroundings that he could’ve heard a pin drop from India. But, the words didn’t seem to process. They seemed to pass into his mind but then get garbled into unrecognizability by the sight in front of him. Her steel eyes flicked to him, and the look he was giving her was one of pity, she felt it burning in her chest- even though it was already burning with the most intense shame she had ever felt in years. Anger didn’t bubble like it usually would when an order was disobeyed, only a growing sense of dreading desperation. “Turn around, please…” Maria’s eyes tightened further when her shaking voice cracked in her plead, a gasp entering her lungs to despondently stop a sob.

The second whisper hit Phil as a suddenly sobering command. He turned on his heel and brought his hands before him, though his face was still in solid, unexpressive and damn well harrowed shock from the sight that had just taken place before him.

Maria’s breath stuttered again when she tried to move her tired, suddenly aching legs, like she had blocks of concrete tied to them. There was another disgustingly wet stchkk from under her, and the horrifying noise was… just too much.

A breathy gasp, almost a choked sob left Maria’s throat, followed by whimper as she tried to silence it. Her mind was on fire almost just as much as the rest of her body with shame as recollections ran through it, beating her down even more as she truly came to realize what had just occurred. ‘I… Oh my god, this can’t be happening. I’m dreaming. This is a nightmare.’ She glued her eyes shut, fiercely trying to bend reality to her despondent wish. A wish to turn back time, a wish to make herself disappear, a wish to just make this not real. But, sure enough, Maria still felt wetness underneath her, she till felt a harrowing warmth in her crotch and she still felt absolutely disgusted with herself, and so fucking sorry for doing this to Coulson.

She… God, she couldn’t help it anymore.

A sob, a true, genuine cry came from her throat, and Maria felt the uncomfortably vulnerable feeling of tears, too familiarly warm to be any kind of okay. Coulson’s head turned in her direction, though he didn’t face her. At this point, Maria wasn’t sure if she wanted him to face her, if she wanted him to leave and never come back or if she wanted him to take his gun and shoot her in the fucking head. What she did know was that she would never live this down, ever. Not from Coulson, he’d most likely never mention it again, but from herself. It would always be in the back of her mind, torturing her with fractals and blurry snapshots of her soaked uniform, the darkened carpet floor and the look on Coulson’s face when it had started.

With the last tattered shed remaining in her, Maria tried to stand, doing her best to block out the squelching sounds from underneath her. How could she have not heard the beginning of… this? How could she not feel her bottom getting wet, why couldn’t she feel her legs? Why the fuck couldn’t she hold it once it started?

Maria felt her legs try to give out, but she caught herself on her desk, though she tossed herself in a corner along the same wall as the window that led to the bullpen outside, trying her best to stay hidden from the other agents. Phil couldn’t restrain himself at the somewhat violent noise, turning to Maria with a concerned glaze in his eyes.

“Don’t fucking look at me!” Maria shouted, though with her voice cracking and her desperate tone, as well as her soaked and quivering thighs, it was more of a futile beg that burst from her lips than one of her usually cold and surefire commands she often gave out. Phil’s eyes averted from her again but when Maria’s legs gave out and she fell to her knees in the corner, he fully turned to her, no longer able to be deterred.

Maria’s eyes were turned down with shame and sadness, staring at the thin, faint dribbling line that dotted the carpet following her into the corner, disappearing under her thighs. Her knees were turned in to themselves and her boots facing away from her. Her hands were on the wall looking for anything secure to disappear into. Phil took a step closer, expecting another broken shout or even a swing in his direction, but what happened next just… broke him.

Maria flinched at his approach and turned her head away, squeezing her eyes shuts and raking her nails along the wall into tight fists. The words that tore out of Maria’s lips confused Coulson as much as they shocked him.

“I’m sorry!”

Sorry?

“What are you sorry for? This isn’t your fault,” Coulson didn’t even realize he had said anything until Maria looked to him, her eyes shining with unfallen tears and… shock?

Maria looked down to the carpet again, her lips coming together in what could only possibly be described as a fear-laden, apologetic stare. Silently this time she whispered, fainter than she looked, ‘I’m sorry.’ She closed her eyes and her head bowed, her lips splitting to release a gasping cry. The warmth against her crotch was growing cooler, and the wet fabric of her underwear was clinging to her clammy skin uncomfortably, not to mention how itchy her thighs were getting with the rough material of her S.W.O.R.D. uniform that was also clinging to her flesh. The reason for the irritation only brought somehow more shame to Maria’s mind and she sighed in equal parts vicious shame and violent affliction.

Coulson gently sighed in Maria’s silence and kneeled down to her level. Maria flinched again and her eyes were suddenly crack-wide, piercing his with the most haunting gaze of…

Fear, Fear and sorrow. Fearful was another thing Maria was not. She could be fighting aliens. An airborne hamlet could be falling to the ocean at five-hundred feet a second. A sentient robot could kamikaze itself through a window and crawl toward her like a zombie. She could face down with every Avenger and still have nothing but a straight face. She was never scared- why did she look scared now? There was nothing wrong with fear, even for her, but she was just never scared.

“Are you okay?” He asked warily, careful not to spook her in her current state.

“I… I-I’m sorry…” She repeated, this time stuttering. Coulson shook his head again, moving his hand up to Maria. Her eyes shot to his hand, quickly whipped away and squeezed shut again, this time with her also pressing herself as far against the wall as her body allowed, like she was…

Like she was preparing to be hit, but Coulson quickly disregarded that- Maria would never let herself be hit by anyone without immediately dealing double back

“Maria...” He breathed, entirely confused why she would be at all displaying this kind of reaction at something so inconsequential. “Maria?” He asked, louder this time though not so loud as to scare her any further. He had gotten his memories back five years ago- September eighteenth, 2021- and not once did he remember ever, ever hitting Maria, or ever seeing her get hit- at least, not without ripping out whoever hit her’s spine through their eye sockets (true story, he’d seen it once on a particularly long Thor-related mission in New Mexico, and that had been a lot of paperwork), but this… Was she being abused by someone? Had she been abused by someone in the past and just never bothered to tell him?

“I’m not gonna hurt you,” He whispered, holding out his hands in surrender as Maria’s eyes prodded him very warily, lined with tears and a look of sheer distrust. It was then, as she blinked repeatedly, she seemed to be brought down from whatever hellish high she had just been in and crashed down into the real world, as tears suddenly rolled out of her eyes and she sighed in a heavy, emotional gasp.

“Oh god…” She sighed, staring down at the slightly faded urine mark on her crotch. She looked to Coulson again, her eyes filled with a distinctly different kind of sorry. She opened her mouth, as if trying to speak, but nothing could even come forth. Her shaking began to settle, though it didn’t entirely cease and she settled down and out of the corner a small bit.

“I-I’m sorry, I don- I…” She sighed, taking Coulson’s hand suddenly. If he hadn’t been trained by Nick Fury himself, he probably would have jumped back. “I’m sorry that I… That that happened, and I… it just…” She stuttered, trying to answer all of his questions in one faint breath but only using up her air. Coulson rubbed her palm and muttered,

“It’s okay. You don’t have to say anything.” She sighed, sounding relieved and oddly tired- not oddly, actually, but at least she seemed calm now. He kept rubbing her palm, massaging what he felt to be tired and strained muscles. He tugged her closer, and to his surprise she readily followed. Their faces were only inches apart, but it was Maria who moved herself into Coulson’s lap, curling up against like a giant cat. He knew she liked being close to him, but Maria was never much for cuddling. Not privately- unless it was hellishly cold- and certainly not publicly. In fact, he was usually the one to start most of their physical contact, and it was usually just hugs around her waist or gentle brushes. But, he stayed silent, acknowledging that she was in a particularly fragile state and he never wanted to be the one to push her- either into the murdering state or into another breakdown, especially not now.

He felt the considerable dampness from her rear rub onto his lap, but he couldn’t care less. He did want to get her dry, though, so he gently ushered her off of him.

“We should get you dry, huh?” He asked, consoling her as he helped her stand. An embarrassed, sad look passed her face, but she looked away and nodded, crossing her arms and hugging herself like she was cold. Her breath shuddered with nervousness, and what seemed to be a massive amount of remaining shame.

“Phil…” She breathed, stepping closer to him, her arms still wrapped around herself. She looked him in the eyes, hers saddened and wary. I’m… Please don’t…” She struggled, sighing in frustration. Her thighs tried to turn in on themselves, ruthlessly shaking as they tried to hide the wet stain that came to Maria’s knees.

“I won’t tell anyone. I promise, Maria.” It had been so long since he had called her Maria, not ‘Agent Hill’, just ‘Hill’ or something else. Just ‘Maria’ seemed uncharacteristically civilian of them, but the current situation certainly called for something much less… well, something civilian, he supposed..

“No, I- Yes, thank…” She stuttered again. “Please don’t laugh…” She whispered, looking to the stained carpet. She felt so infantile. She had just… humiliated herself and now, off all things, she was cuddling herself in the corner of her office, begging her partner of twenty-two years not to laugh at her while her eyes were locked on the source of her shame. She felt ridiculous, she felt like a schoolgirl…

She felt unabashedly ashamed, and there was a growing hole in the pit of her stomach when she suddenly felt Coulson’s left hand feather around her arm. She felt a pull on the back of her mind telling her to escape his touch, but every other part of her being told her to get closer, to embrace it like she did before. There may have been a moment, perhaps not even long enough to even be measured by human resources, where Maria resisted Coulson’s brush. Where she backed up, still afraid of his judgement, still afraid to be mocked for this again. The small piece of a moment was almost a full minute in Maria’s eyes as she took in the man before her.

His face was carved with worry. His brown eyes, only barely obscured by wrinkles of experience and age, twinkled with what could only be defined as adoration. But, only a particle of a moment did she hold herself back. For only a particle of a moment did she allow the grip of shame, humiliation, fear and disgust to dig into her flesh before she allowed the stronger force emanating from the man opposite her to overpower them all. He carefully allowed Coulson to embrace her, never minding the gag-inducing squlch she heard and felt when her thighs met.

And, instead of scorn and mockery, Maria felt her chest bloom with… warmth, pure and unadulterated. It was… she wouldn’t admit that- not again. But, the hole that had fissured in her stomach a particle of a second ago suddenly sealed as if sucked back together by a momentary black hole. Coulson muttered something into an earpiece- she couldn’t discern, but something about ‘Director Fury’, and she silently prayed. While most people saw Nick J. Fury as an imposing and scary-as-hell man one would not be able to safely share anything with, Phil, Maria, Natasha and Clint’s family knew him as a humble, if somewhat paranoid man with a heart that kept very close the very few it cared for.

Phil held Maria tighter, slowly beginning to sway side to side. Maria felt herself begin to rebut, but the motion was undeniably calming on her as of now fragile psyche (it was rarely this) and it made her breathing just a little more even. From outside the room, which no one was looking into, thank god, there was the sound of heavy boots approaching the door, and a baritone, agitated voice speaking to another agent. The other agent quickly buggered off when Fury shooed him away.

The Director of S.W.O.R.D., Nicholas Joseph Fury, entered the room with his trenchcoat barely making it inside in time and a thick black briefcase in his left hand. He briskly closed the door behind him and his angry expression quickly morphed to one of sympathy and understanding as he turned to the two agents, with Coulson’s back to him. The man absentmindedly stuck a disk to the window’s sill, playing a hologram of another situation with the three entirely.

“How bad is it?” Coulson began to turn, but Fury put a hand up and closed his eye. “Just…” Maria’s now-slightly teary eyes just looked to Nick from Coulson’s shoulder, telling the Director all he needed to know.

“Director, I-” Maria began, suddenly unable to look Fury in the eye. She knew she was safe with Coulson and Fury, but her mind just… didn’t allow her to fully surrender.

“Maria, Nick. Been back for a while, now haven’t I?” Maria shook her head and nodded along with a quiet whisper of ‘Nick’. Phil allowed his arms to fall back to his sides, though he stayed close to the brunette woman.

Fury placed the briefcase on Maria’s desk with a loud thump before motioning Coulson to follow. Phil looked to Maria and brushed her hand, receiving a small smile in return. Fury placed his hands behind his back as he spoke.

“Once you’re ready, go home Maria. We’ll see you tomorrow,” Phil came to Fury’s side as he finished before promptly following as the Director left the room, Phil closing the door behind them to leave Maria in privacy.

“You probably have questions.” Fury assumed. Phil swallowed and nodded, his neutral and unaffected expression absolutely contradicting the hundreds of questions shuttling through his mind. ‘Why was Maria scared? Why was she crying? Why did she apologize!?’ But he kept his tone flat as he responded,

“Yeah, a few,” Fury nodded in expectancy and motioned Coulson to follow him as he made his way to an elevator. The elevator was rather large and sported a window to the outside, with a view of New York City. In the distance, among all the other skyscrapers, Phil caught eye of the majestic Avengers Tower with the ‘A’ glinting proudly in the sunlight. They both stepped into the elevator, with Fury selecting the level three stories above. As he did, he spoke.

“Blackout.” At his word, the glass of the elevator tinted to a near black, though light still flourished in the lift from four overhead lights casting an industrial white light. Phil adjusted his stance with his hands clasped in front of him, his bare hand overtop his gloved. Fury stood with his hands behind his back as he faced the door. A few moments passed filled with nothing but silence- Coulson noticed that the elevator also wasn’t moving- before Fury began with, “How much do you actually know about Maria Hill?” Coulson was silent for a moment as he considered his superior’s words.

“I’m not sure. I’ve worked with her… Twenty-two years, I’d like to think I know a lot. How much is there?” Fury huffed a small smile at Coulson’s words, nodding.

“Well, you know most of it. An agent for most of her life, joined at sixteen. One of our best, ‘side from you, Romanoff and Barton. But, you might not know about her upbringing.” It was true- Maria seldom spoke of her family apart from aggressive hatred and muddled memories she looked back at less than fondly, but he never prodded too far into it. “Thing is… ” The Director hesitated for a moment, as if choosing the right words. “Her father and mother had her too young- seventeen- and divorced too young, her dad didn’t stand a chance in the court- had a past of small crime.” Phil nodded along.

“Her mother won full custody with a motherly exterior, but she wasn’t at all capable of raising a kid. Court case happened when she was… Five.” Coulson felt a pang of sorrow for his partner. While he knew she had come from bad beginnings, he never really knew exactly how hard it had been for her. “Her mother had a phobia, a bad one. Urophobia,” Fury exhaled sharply, looking to the blackened widow behind him for a moment. “Whenever she saw it, she freaked. Got violent.”

The pieces suddenly clicked in Coulson’s head and both his heart and stomach dropped, though he stayed silent.

But what Fury said next simply hurt.

“When he was eight, she had a bad nightmare. She had… well, y’know. Her mother came in to her screaming, but when she saw the mess… Maria didn’t stand a chance, ended up verbally and physically injured. Two cracked ribs, a black eye, even broken fingers, but the mental scars...” He trailed off, allowing silence to blanket them again.

As silence engulfed him, Phil’s head suddenly began spinning. His breathing stopped altogether and he fell against the wall of the elevator in an attempt to stay standing. He sighed heavily and looked to his Director.

“She…” Was all he could produce. His head was struggling to keep up. No, this couldn’t be right. Fury just nodded, and another sigh of, “Enlighten,” brought back the sun’s warmth. Phil looked to the floor in shock. He knew, for security reasons, he could never know everything. But… this was… ‘My God.’

“Sorry y’had to hear it like that, but it’s a strict need-to-know.” Fury commented as the elevator carefully began moving upwards. Coulson shakily regained his footing, but his face was still shocked.

“I… Yes, sir, I understand.” He whispered. He wasn’t angry… No, that’s exactly what he was. But not at being excluded from the secret, but from… learning it. Maria… All this time and she had that weighing on her conscience. His fists tightened as he imagined Maria now, fully strong and adult with wounds like the ones her mother gave her. This was… Not okay. He felt an uncharacteristic anger bubble in his chest and before he could stop himself or even think about what he said, the words spilled into the small room.

“Is she dead?” Fury looked to him, but not with surprise or worry, but solace. A small smirk crossed his face as the doors opened to the floor Fury had selected what felt like hours ago. They began to move to another objective, one that could be completed in Maria’s absence as Fury half-admitted.

“I’m not saying it was Barnes, but…”

Phil nodded in understanding, his fists relaxing once again. For a particle of a moment, he imagined Maria, dressed like the Winter Soldier and holding a bloody knife, standing above a cruel-faced lifeless woman in her fifties. In a dying bout of anger, he lowly commented…

“Good.”

And for that fragment of a moment, that small part, that particle... Coulson felt a sense of… Justification. Remember it or not, Coulson put it in his mind that, next time they met, he would have to thank Barnes for that particular assassination.

Fury nodded along, but another thought filled his head. 'What caused this? No way Maria did this herself- the woman. Woman in white.' The poke he knew he had felt when their eyes met felt too oddly familiar. He had first felt it when he met Wanda Maximoff.

Telepath. Psychic. She was behind this.

Fury scowled inwardly as he acknowledged that she was long goddamn gone from the building. But her face was engraved in his mind- he never, never forgot a face...

That woman was in some deep shit. Nobody fucks with Nick fucking Fury' family and survives. For his own sliver, chip and particle of a moment, Fury smiled wide and genuine.

Y'know what, I have no excuses. These gaps are getting longer and longer and I feel horrible about it, and my only excuse is burnout. I swear I try, even if it doesn't show. Regardless, here's the second part of your request @desperation_fan

. With this piece, I wanted to try delving into the un-fetishized, hated side of wetting. Did I succeed? No, probably not. But I tried.

For future requests, for the sake of pleasing requesters, I think I need more detailed suggestions, unless you're okay with the possibility that your requested character, situation or prompt has liberties taken with it. So, if you have a more detailed request, please leave not only the character, but a simple plotline, maybe even their reaction if you wish. Of course, if you don't care what liberties are taken, you can just suggest a character, situation or basic prompt. Either way, I hope you enjoyed this piece, and the next ones, should no requests come in, would most likely be Ava Starr, Mantis or Nebula, though it's yet to be decided. Anyway, have a good day, all.

Best regards,

NothingLeft

