For Science - Page 2

Author: Noot

*025*2021-11-14 00:39

We played for half an hour before I started to really need to go again. April kicked my ass. She was a goddess at the game, drifting around the corners with ease and hitting every shortcut but one. The only time she missed, she burped quietly and blamed the wine, insisting that she would usually hit that jump every time. I couldn’t help but believe her- she was incredible, and I never once came close to beating her.

After a couple of Cups, April put down her remote and returned to the table. I knew without asking that I should follow and reclaim my seat opposite her. This time she picked up that pair of thick glasses from her side and put them on before she went back to her notebook, running her gaze over the notes she’d taken so far. By the time I was sat down again, she was licking her thumb to turn over and start a new page.

I watched in fascination as she drew out a table on the page. Even upside-down, I could read her words clearly. The table was split into three columns and at least half a dozen rows. At the top of the latter two rows she wrote our names. April and Jacob. I noticed that she refrained from using my shorter name- ever the scientist, of course. Then, on the far left of the first row, she scrawled the time 9:25. The time we’d both used the bathroom last. On the next row April wrote the current time- 10:10. It was getting late, no doubt, and I was getting tipsy.

April looked up at me. “How badly do you need to use the loo now?”

“Pretty bad,” I admitted. My bladder was filling up fast and I doubted I could wait much longer before things got desperate.

“I’m looking for a number, Jacob”.

I thought about it for a second before I replied, just to make sure I was being accurate. “A seven out of ten,” I decided. “And you?”

Unlike me, April didn’t seem to need the time to think. “An eight,” she told me, “I’m way past the point where I’d usually get up to go to the toilet, unless I was really engrossed in my studying”.

I looked at her. “And, uh- this holding while studying… do you do it often?”

“Oh, yeah,” she nodded, “when I’m in the middle of a chapter, I hate getting up to use the loo. There’s a stain on my desk chair at home that’ll back me up on that”. She gave me a wry smile, and not for the first time I wondered if maybe April was enjoying this. “But don’t tell me you don’t hold it sometimes, just when you get busy”.

“I… not really,” I said honestly.

“Really? Don’t you play videogames, or anything?”

“Yeah,” I told her, “but I just pause it when I have to go. I thought everyone did”.

April sucked in air between her teeth. “I don’t,” she said, “I get too involved. Sometimes I keep playing until I’m leaking”.

That raised a question I needed the answer to. “And have you ever.. wet yourself? While you’ve been playing games?”

Completely unfazed, she nodded at me. “I regret nothing”.

My need to pee was only getting worse by now, and I couldn’t help wondering how much longer I could wait before I suffered the humiliation of having to grab my crotch in front of this woman. I needed the reassurance of knowing she was on the same page as me.

“When you have to go,” I started, blushing uncontrollably just from asking the question, “do you ever… you know… hold yourself?”

April’s expression didn’t change, and yet I thought I saw the faint hint of a smile in her eyes. “Look under the table,” she said.

Though it seemed a strange request, I was powerless to do anything but obey. I bent down until my eyeline was well below the table. The sight made me gasp. April’s left hand, which had been hidden from view when I was sitting up straight, was buried between her thighs. Even in the darkness, I could see that she was squeezing her crotch hard.

“Does that answer your question?” She asked when I came back up for air.

“Yeah,” I admitted, feeling more desperate than ever, “I only ask because I might need to do the same soon”.

April shrugged. “Do it,” she told me, “when you’ve got to go, you’ve got to go”.

