Around the World in 80 Bladders

Author: nononono

*000*2022-07-27 14:53

This is intended as an anthology series, exploring woman and their bladders in several (probably not literally 80!) different countries. Hope you enjoy!

###

London, United Kingdom

25-year old singing sensation Amber Moon, better known by her stage name Aluna Sky, scrolled through Instagram once more. Nothing had changed since she last checked it two minutes ago, bar a few thousand more likes on her most recent post and several comments, mostly from girls saying how much they loved her, and creepy men saying how much they wanted to shag her. Amber always found it an odd way to try and proposition someone - she doubted many people would be wooed by a comment like the one she had from BrexitFred69 saying 'You're voice is shite but I'd still fuck you all night long'. The poor grammar alone was an instant ick, putting aside the insult and his presumption that she'd be interested in sleeping with him. Her train of thought was interrupted by her driver, a quiet, elderly man called George.

"I'm afraid traffic is pretty bad on the M25, looks like it's going to be a close one," the man called back to her.

Amber sighed audibly and thanked the driver for the update. She'd just flown into Heathrow, ready for her big homecoming gig at the O2. She'd been touring Europe for the last few months and she was ready for some time off after this concert. She sipped on her lemon tea, which slightly soothed her throat, red raw after two months of non-stop singing, autograph signings, late night parties, sleepless coach journeys. It had been quite a meteoric rise to fame for Aluna Sky.

After gaining a following on TikTok, posting Adele covers while bored during the 2020 Covid lockdown, she'd recorded and released an album by May 2021, which shot straight to Number One of the charts in several countries. In the space of just over two years, her life was now completely different. She'd said goodbye to the tiny flat in Milton Keynes which she shared with her mum and younger brother, and hello to a penthouse in central London, with the most spectacular view of the Thames. Tired from last nights concert in Madrid, Amber drifted off to sleep.

###

Amber awoke roughly an hour later to a chorus of beeping from cars all around her. Glancing at the driver's Sat-Nav, the road ahead was painted blood red, to signify heavy traffic.

"What happened?" Amber groaned.

"Big crash ahead of us, they reckon it should be cleared up soon but we've not moved at all for 45 minutes," George grimly informed her.

Amber moaned, and shifted in her seat uncomfortably. She was acutely aware that it had been a while since she'd used the toilet. About four hours to be exact. Now, a bottle of water and a flask of lemon tea sat in her bladder, patiently awaiting their cue to leave. Her eyes darted back towards the Sat-nav, which predicted they'd be at the O2 in 90 minutes. As if in protest, Amber's bladder sent a wave of desperation to her brain, to make sure she'd prioritise finding a toilet.

"Is there any chance we can stop at the next service station?" Amber asked.

George shook his head. "I'm afraid not, we're already very behind schedule as it is, and I have another job straight after this one."

Amber nodded, and resumed her Instagram scrolling, hoping it would take her mind off her ever growing need. She was used to holding it. The toilet on her tour coach was so grim, she'd only used it twice, both times when she'd been absolutely bursting. It didn't feel like a proper concert unless she arrived to the venue on the verge of wetting herself. But she always made it. So far.

###

The clock turned 8:30pm, half an hour after the concert was meant to start, and Amber could finally see the O2 stadium appear. She'd switched her phone off, she kept getting messages from angry fans asking where she was. Despite tweeting that she was stuck in traffic, people didn't seem to understand that there was absolutely nothing she could do about it. As for her bladder, it felt as though it was begging for relief, her predicament made worse by George's erratic driving, seemingly in a hurry to get to his next engagement. She'd contemplated asking him if he minded if she peed in the back of the car - her empty tea flask had been tantalising her since Junction 7. But she didn't know George super well, and she didn't trust him not to sell the story of one of the biggest popstars in the world urinating in the back of his car to 'The Sun'.

"Here you go ma'am," George exclaimed as he pulled up to the artists entrance to the O2. He caught a glimpse of Amber's very full bladder, and the look of pain on her face. "Blimey you really do have to go don't you?"

Amber nodded gingerly, and could barely muster a thank you. A member of her entourage was there to greet her and take her bags.

"Fuck man, you've got to get on quickly, the fans are getting very restless," he said, once they were inside the backstage area, seemingly oblivious to Amber's situation.

"Mike, I need to go to the toilet first," Amber replied, barely able to walk in a straight line.

"You don't have time, the toilets are all the way on the other side, and you've already been introduced," Mike sheepishly explained.

Amber wanted to cry, and her bladder responded similarly, letting a drop of pee leak into her red panties with this news.

"You don't understand, I will wet myself on stage," Amber was beside herself with desperation at this point, not able to stand still.

Her band had got an early flight, and were already on stage, playing the introduction to her most famous song. Sensing defeat, Amber shot Mike a dagger, and headed on, making sure not to miss her cue. The audience screamed as the immaculate Aluna Sky danced onto the stage, her perfect blonde hair swaying in time with the beat, and wearing her classic short denim skirt, red t-shirt and black leather jacket combo. As Amber launched into her hit 'Only You', she almost forgot her bladder troubles.

She was confidence personified, as she smiled, hitting the high notes effortlessly. It was as though she'd hit a switch, and her bladder no longer needed to be emptied. The crowd were mesmerised by her every note as Aluna Sky flawlessly hit every note, with every ounce of passion that she felt when she wrote the chords down. The adrenaline lasted kept her going through the up-tempo 'Friday Night Feeling' and the ballad 'Last Dance in Brixton', and before too long, Amber had completely forgot about her full to bursting bladder.

"RIght guys, I think you're gonna enjoy this one. This one is for anyone who's ever been in love with the wrong person, it's called 'Holding On'!" Amber smiled at her adoring audience, who responded with cheers as she prepared to play one of her biggest hits.

The guitar sting began, and Amber immediately felt her bladder again. The balloon of liquid inside her which had been dormant was now making its presence known once more, and she fought to regain her composure, almost missing her cue in the progress.

"Another evening wasted," Aluna crooned, trying her best to stand still on the stage. "Waiting by the phone." The crowd were oblivious to her predicament, but Amber felt as though all eyes were staring at her, waiting for the cascade of urine that was desperate to escape.

"You told me you'd be home by midnight, but I'm sleeping all alone," her voice cracked slightly, ignoring the urgent signals from her bladder. "You told me I'm a psycho, but you're just so good in bed," Aluna missed her last note as a dribble of wee ran down her leg. "My friends tell me to leave you, but I can't get you out my head." As she crescendoed towards the chorus, her bladder could take no more.

"Cause I'm hooooooooooolding onnnnnnnnnnn to youuuuuuuuuuuu!" Aluna belted the chorus, trying her best to ignore the fact she was wetting herself in front of 20,000. A torrent of pee pattered against the floor of the stage, slowly soaking her denim skirt and high heels. The gasps of people in the audience were accompanied by some wrong notes from the band, who were equally shocked at what they were seeing. "But I wish you loved me tooooooooo," Aluna continued, stifling back sobs, whilst the pee continued to pool at her feet. She didn't finish the song. Overwhelmed by the situation, she ran backstage, hiding her face as tears ran down. The crowd booed as they sensed that this was the end of the concert, just three and a half songs into the evening. Alone, and out of sight, she slumped to the floor, and sighed as she fully emptied her bladder, in the knowledge that she was a laughing stock.

###

Amber sat alone in her dressing room, post shower, dressing gown on. She had turned her phone off, she'd read enough hateful and creepy messages for one evening. It would take a lot to recover from this. Bruce, her agent, came and sat down next to her.

"Cheer up. Fergie pissed herself on stage and she did alright," the Australian laughed.

Amber couldn't find a smile. "And yet we're still talking about it all this time later."

"Hey, just trying to think of positives," Bruce muttered. "So here's the plan. You go into hiding for a few months. Delete your social media accounts, make people really worry about you. Then boom, new single, deprecating interview with Graham Norton, we're back to normal."

Amber nodded. Bruce always knew best. The silence was pierced by a knock on the door.

"Come in," Amber called out weakly. It was Mike, who'd refused to let her go to the toilet before the show. She turned away from him, partly from anger, and partly from shame.

"Hey, erm, I just wanted to say I'm sorry. I should have listened to you, I didn't realise how desperate you were, and erm, I'm sorry," Mike sheepishly apologised, staring at the floor for most of the time.

"Hey you fucking idiot, you cost us big here, we're gonna have to refund all these motherfuckers because you think you can tell one of the biggest pop stars on the planet when she can and can't fucking piss! Would you tell Beyonce she's not allowed to go for a fucking piss?" Mike shook his head. "Would you tell Dua Lipa she has to hold it in?" He shook his head again. "So why would you tell Aluna Sky she can't go for a piss?" Bruce roared.

"I'm sorry," Mike croaked.

"You're fucking fired," Bruce yelled. Amber refused to look in his direction, as the young man tearfully nodded, and left the room.

"So what now?" Amber asked.

"We go to your penthouse, order a shit load of pizza, and hide until they call a fucking search party on you," Bruce smiled. "Got a car waiting outside for you."

"Sounds perfect," Amber smiled, hugging her agent. "I'll be out in a sec."

"Where are you going?" Bruce asked.

"I'm dying for a wee," Amber smirked.

*001*2022-07-27 17:04

Paris, France

27-year old Elodie Gasquet sipped her coffee, as she flicked through 'Le Monde'. It was much the same as usual, Covid-19 cases on the rise, fuel prices on the rise, the war in Ukraine still raging on. Only a story about the English popstar Aluna Sky pissing herself during a concert at the O2 broke up the depressing onslaught of articles about death, war and poverty. Elodie allowed herself a slight chuckle at the irony of her bladder giving up whilst she was performing 'Holding On'. Elodie wasn't a Paris native, hailing instead from Lyon. But today she had a job interview, with the people who wrote the words she digested with her overpriced croissant and coffee.

After five years as a journalist with 'Le Progrès', a Lyon based newspaper, she was ready for a change. And what better change than to work for one of the biggest newspapers in France? She checked her phone, she had about an hour before the interview. Time for a nice walk to clear my head, Elodie thought. Heading to the bathroom, Elodie recoiled as she opened the stall. The toilet seat was covered in urine, and some inconsiderate arsehole had neglected to flush, leaving shit smeared loo paper inside the bowl. The smell alone was unbearable. Do they not clean after themselves in Paris? Elodie grimly thought to herself. Thankfully, she was only visiting the loo as she felt she may as well given she had time. She was by no means desperate, and would comfortably be able to wait until she got to Le Monde.

Elodie mentally ran through her notes as she walked along the Seine. Truthfully, she didn't really know what to expect. She'd not had an interview since she got her job as 'Le Progrès' five years ago. She frantically tried to remember every exaggeration she'd included in her cover letter, every detail she'd overindulged to pad out her CV. She checked her outfit once again - a navy blue suit complete with a white jumper, which was making her sweat lightly on a hotter-than-usual March morning. She took a long swig from her water bottle, as her mouth tended to get very dry when she was nervous. Speaking of nerves, she needed to pee for what felt like the hundredth time that morning. She knew it was mostly just a nervous reaction, but it still caused the short brunette some discomfort. Passing one of the many dull grey public toilets that lined Paris's streets, she thought about using it. But she knew from experience that they were fairly disgusting, and only to be used in dire situations.

Realising she was ahead of time, she stopped by the river. Pulling out her phone, she checked Google Maps to see if she was going the right way. Her phone agreed, predicting she'd make it to the offices with ten minutes to spare. A text came in from her boyfriend: "Good luck for the interview, you'll be amazing." Elodie smiled, and went to reply. Before she could press send, she gasped as two hooded teenagers raced passed, riding their bikes along the pavement. In shock after the second boy narrowly avoided crashing straight into her, Elodie let go of her phone, dropping it straight into the River Seine. "Fuck!!!!" Elodie yelled to no one in particular, as both boys had already cycled into the distance. She wanted to cry, but she knew she couldn't. It was time to compose herself. The phone could wait, now she just needed to focus on performing as well as she could in her interview.

###

"Hello, my name is Elodie Gasquet, I have an interview at 11 today," Elodie panted. She was sweaty, stressed and she really needed the toilet. She was also late, struggling to find the building without the aid of Google Maps.

The receptionist looked disapprovingly at her. "The interview started five minutes ago, I will bring you through now."

Elodie debated asking whether she had time to use the bathroom, but she sensed that she shouldn't push her luck. The first part of her interview was a group task with the other applicants, and she didn't really know what to expect. It sounded like they didn't wait for her to arrive either, so she knew she'd be up against it.

"Mr Millot, here is Miss Gasquet," the stern receptionist announced, as Elodie sheepishly waved to a room with her three rivals, and Mr Millot, one of the editors.

"Ah Miss Gasquet, I see you've found us," Mr Millot went in for a handshake, his tone was warmer than she'd expected from an editor of a major newspaper. "You have 55 minutes to produce a mini newspaper with the other applicants. Sadly as you are late, you don't get to choose your story. All the information you need is on the desk there, just try your best!"

Elodie nodded and took a seat. Her bladder sloshed uncomfortably, filling rapidly with her earlier coffee and water bottle. She reviewed the information, she was stuck writing a story about water bills rising. Shifting around to find her most comfortable position, she started to dissect the sources in front of her, and planned her article.

###

Elodie's legs were tightly crossed now, but she had at least finished her article. Writing about the cost of running water had proved to be an extra challenge for her bladder, which yearned for relief, but she knew she'd be able to see to her need very soon. Staring desperately at the clock, and squirming in her seat, Elodie was relieved to hear Mr Millot's voice. "Okay, that's your time, thank you all for your hard work!"

He grabbed a copy of their finished newspaper, and smiled as he skimmed it. "I will read through it now, then we'll call you for your individual interviews shortly!"

The four of them were ushered towards a sofa just outside of the reception area. Elodie couldn't help but notice one of the other applicants looked in quite a state, and her suspicions were confirmed when she overheard her speak to the receptionist: "Excuse me, where is the toilet?" The receptionist gestured towards a single person bathroom, which the slightly older lady practically ran towards.

"Is there another bathroom?" Elodie asked, trying her best not to dance on the spot.

The receptionist shook her head "I'm afraid visitors are only permitted to use this bathroom. Don't worry, I'm sure she won't be long," she added the second sentence after seeing the look of despair on Elodie's face.

Elodie grinned, although she suspected it looked more like a grimace. She sat down next to the other two candidates, instinctively reaching for her phone, before realising she didn't have that option anymore. Instead, she once again ran through her interview questions, whilst repeatedly checking to see if the bathroom door would open.

A wave of urgency hit Elodie, and she crossed her legs just that bit tighter to ensure that her white knickers remained dry. Without thinking, she lightly tapped her foot, and resisted the urge to openly hold herself. Elodie had foolishly finished another bottle of water during the interview, in an absent minded attempt to combat her dry mouth. She was paying the price now, with her bladder feeling very full indeed.

"Hey, I'm Richard by the way," a young man of a similar age to her went to shake her hand, snapping her out of her desperate stupor.

"Elodie," she grinned/grimaced, returning the handshake.

"So where are you coming from?" he asked.

As the two traded small talk, Elodie could barely hide her despair as the bathroom became available, only for the other remaining applicant to go and use it. The older woman returned, looking much more relieved, and sighing audibly as she sat down next to the two of them.

"Thank God for that, I thought I was going to have an accident," she chuckled. "You'll know what I mean when you have children," she added, smiling at Elodie.

Elodie laughed uncomfortably, desperately hoping for her pelvic floor muscles to remain strong. The three of them chatted, but soon after, Elodie was no longer able to focus on the conversation, instead being slowly driven insane by the locked bathroom door. The guy had been at least five minutes in there, and Elodie couldn't take it any more.

"Excuse me, is there another bathroom I can use? It's really urgent," Elodie asked the receptionist.

"I'm sorry, there is only one visitors toilet," she bluntly replied.

Elodie groaned, and took matters into her own hands, heading towards the bathroom. She knocked aggressively on the door.

"How long are you going to be?" she asked.

The man groaned. "I'm sorry, I must have eaten something bad. It's going to be a while."

Elodie almost screamed in frustration, but composed herself. As she returned to the sofa, Mr Millot was waiting.

"Miss Gasquet, would you like to come through?"

###

It took all of her might not to wet herself in her seat as Mr Millot poured her a glass of water.

"So Miss Gasquet, tell us a bit about yourself?"

I'm on the verge of pissing myself in your office, Elodie thought to herself. In reality, she launched into a flustered answer, detailing her career so far whilst struggling to keep her talking speed down. Mr Millot and the other two journalists on the panel nodded in unison, seemingly impressed by her CV thus far.

"What can you bring to this job?"

A very, very full bladder. Elodie instead bluffed a response about how her work ethic would make her a valuable team player, and that she was always willing to go the extra mile to get a story. She'd started to hold herself under the table, and she hoped no one would notice.

"Where do you see yourself in five years time?"

Hopefully I'll have gone to the toilet by then. In truth, Elodie had no idea. Stumbling slightly, she eventually came up with an unconvincing response, claiming she'd be travelling the world as one of Le Monde's most valuable journalists. The panel of suits still seemed to like her answer, smiling at her lofty ambitions.

"What's your greatest weakness?"

The fact I just leaked a bit during that question. Indeed, Elodie blushed as a drop of urine escaped her quivering peehole, and she had to cross her legs with all her might to stop anymore coming out. Avoiding cliches, she admitted that she struggled with confidence early on in her career, but had been taking on public speaking engagements to help overcome this.

"How do you -----"

"I'm so sorry, but I have to go," Elodie exclaimed, running out of the room in tears. The desperation was too great. Her bladder burned intensely, and she knew she'd have wet herself if she'd stayed in the room. Before Mr Millot could say anything, she was gone. Running to the lobby toilet, she was aghast to find that the door was still locked. A long spurt reminded her she didn't have time to wait. Running out of the building before anyone could stop her, she turned into a side street. Pulling her blue suit trousers and white panties down, her plight was finally over.

A jet of urine escaped her peehole, absolutely soaking the pavement. Elodie was too relieved to be embarrassed, not caring that anyone on that side of the building could look out of their window and see a tsunami exploding out of her urethra. She didn't care that her expensive suit trousers were now painted with specks of urine, nor that she was not going to get her dream job at Le Monde. This was relief like she'd never felt before in her life. After two minutes of almost orgasmic peeing, her bladder was empty. She put her head in her hands, trousers and knickers still round her ankles, and sobbed with relief, before her moment of peace was interrupted by a cough. It was the receptionist, looking more disapprovingly at her than ever.

"You left your bag inside."

*005*2022-08-01 13:55

Tokyo, Japan

20-year old Mei Minuki overdramatically gasped, as she voluntarily released her achingly full bladder. Her pee splashed all over the wooden floorboards, with cameraman Takumi ready to capture every last drop. They were on the top floor of a warehouse in downtown Tokyo, and for Mei, it was her final shoot of the day. What had started as a side hustle was now Mei's full time career, and she had become a popular figure amongst the Omorashi community. Mei didn't even know what Omorashi was a few years ago. But she'd met a producer by chance in a bar, and had been persuaded to give it a chance. In truth, she quite enjoyed it, and it made her a decent amount of money, enough to move away from her disapproving parents.

"Okay, we've got it!" Kei called out, the demanding producer who Mei had met in the bar eighteen months ago. "Let's go."

"I'll just go and shower," Mei peeled her piss soaked knickers off, and removed her bra which had been covering her small but perky breasts. Mei had found that any shyness about her body disappeared as soon as she walked on set.

"I've got to go now, I'll see you tomorrow!" Kei waved goodbye, hurrying off with Takumi and the other cameramen.

Mei nodded. It had been quite a punishing time for her bladder, and tomorrow was going to be her fourth day of shooting in a row. She loved the feeling of holding it in during shoots so much, but she often found that the drive back home was a nightmare, given the amount of water she has to drink when filming. Mei lived about an hour out of the city, and generally she'd always be absolutely bursting by the time she had the keys through the door. During one traffic jam, she wet herself in the car, and on a fair few occasions, she'd had to stop at the side of the road because she couldn't last a minute longer. Hot water now streaming onto Mei's body, she slowly rubbed shower gel all over her body, making especially sure that her crotch was clean. Turning the shower off, she grabbed her towel, dried herself off, and changed into some new clothes: some skinny jeans, a white t shirt and black leather jacket.

At the top of the stairs, it was time for her daily choice. Walk down all sixteen flights of stairs, or take the lift. Once again, the lift won. Putting her headphones in, she played the new Aluna Sky song 'Don't Care' for the fourth time that day. Mei was thankful for Aluna Sky for many reasons: not only did her music sound amazing, her accident on stage almost two months ago had led to a dramatic increase in people buying her videos. Understandably, she'd gone very quiet since that concert, but Mei was glad she was back. She waited patiently for the lift to arrive, checking her messages whilst singing along with the chorus: "I don't care what they say about me, fuck the haters and the paparazzi." Mei stopped singing as a handsome well-dressed man stood beside her, also waiting for the lift.

"Please, don't stop singing because of me," the man laughed. Mei giggled awkwardly, avoiding eye contact. The lift arrived, and both got in. The lift said it had a capacity of 8, but Mei felt that it would be too tight with any more than four normal sized people. She reached to press the ground floor button, only to find her new acquaintance had beaten her to it. Looking at him, he could have been aged anything between 25 and 40. Either way, Mei liked what she saw. Without warning, the lift juddered violently, lights flashing on and off. Mei gasped, resisting the urge to cling on to the older gentleman. Their journey ground to a halt, lights back on, but lift definitely not moving. Mei sighed in frustration, as the handsome stranger called for help.

"They said they can send someone to fix it in an hour," the man calmly informed her.

Mei felt her face whiten. She knew her own bladder, it was already rapidly filling up after spending all day chugging water. In an hour, she'd be beyond desperate to go. "Okay, thank you for calling," she composed herself.

"I'm Yoshikito, by the way," the man smiled.

###

45 minutes had passed, and Mei was dying for relief. Her bladder pulsated, full to the brim with urine. She hadn't even been able to flirt with her new friend, who'd been on some business call since they got stuck. A message came through on the group chat she shared with several of the models who worked for the same agency: it was the link to a Buzzfeed article which her friend had sent, with the caption 'we should sign her up 😂😂😂'. The article was from a French journalist, with the story about how she blew an interview with a French newspaper because she was so desperate to pee.

The story finished on a positive note, with the young journalist saying she was glad that she had messed up the interview, because she now has a dream job working for Buzzfeed. Mei smiled 'Good for you, Elodie', she thought. Her bladder spasmed, and Mei couldn't help but moan a bit. Yoshikito looked down from his phone call, eye brows raised. Mei crossed her legs, and desperately hoped that the people coming to rescue them would hurry up.

"So what do you do?" Yoshikito asked, seemingly done with his business.

"Oh erm I'm a secretary," Mei lied, just like her parents wanted her to. Yoskikito looked on expectantly, waiting for more information. "At this small paper business, we work upstairs."

"I see," Yoshikito looked unconvinced. "You know, you look very familiar."

Dirty boy, Mei thought, smiling. "Not likely, maybe you've bought paper from us before."

Yoshikito laughed. "Are you okay? You look uncomfortable."

"I'm fine," Mei replied, another lie. "Just want to get out of here." In an alternative universe, Mei would be peeing on the side of the road right about now. Just the thought of that reality led to another urgent pang hitting her bladder. The waistband of her tight jeans wasn't helping, it felt as though someone was trying to wring her bladder out.

Yoshikito took a drink of water, and that was enough of a visual cue for her body to try and start the process of urination. A leak escaped, Mei had to use all her might to prevent the dam from bursting completely. Mei stood up, regretting it immediately, as she almost collapsed from the pressure and weight of her exploding organ. Unable to stand still, she frantically bounced around the lift humming to herself.

"Are you sure you're okay?" Yoshikito asked, looking more serious this time.

"I need to go to the bathroom," Mei groaned. "Desperately."

Another spurt of wee escaped her aching peehole, trickling down each leg of her tight skinny jeans. Panicking, Yoshikito handed her his empty lunchbox. "Here, use this."

Mei ripped her skinny jeans off as quickly as she could, her knickers now soaked with her urine. Despite this, she still removed them, shouting at Yoshikito to turn around in the process. Urine jetted against the plastic of his lunchbox, and Mei could hardly contain her moans as she felt her bladder deflating. As she reached the point of no return, the lift roared back into action. Realising what was about to happen, Mei tried to stem the flow, but it was impossible. Her bladder continued to void, as Yoshikito looked on in shock. The lift pinged, and the doors flew open, exposing Mei to three workmen who had quietly fixed the lift early. Mei didn't even bother to hide, as her exposed pee hole continued to allow her piss to flow. She didn't even notice the lunchbox overflowing, and her pee start to soak the floor of the lift. Finally she was done, and she snapped back to reality, holding the lunchbox full to the brim with her pee.

"Yeah, you can keep that lunchbox," Yoshikito laughed. "I knew I recognised you from somewhere!"

*009*2022-08-02 13:22

Rio De Janeiro, Brazil

"One espresso please."

Maria De Souza was ready. It was the day she'd always dreamed of since she was 8, her first day as a fully fledged police officer. All the hard hours training, the weekends spent at the gym, the nights out missed, were going to be worth it. She was a police officer. Not just anywhere either - she was working in Rocinha, one of the most notorious regions of Rio, a hotbed for crime. Only the brightest and strongest police officers were placed there, and very rarely were new recruits thrown straight in at the deep end. She thanked the barista, and grabbed her coffee, before continuing to walk towards the police station. It was Good Friday, one of the biggest days in the Brazilian cultural calendar, and the atmosphere was already buzzing in Rocinha. Families were starting to gather, in anticipation of a reenactment of the passion of the Christ later that afternoon. The sun was beating down, with a cool breeze making for a perfect spring day.

"Hi, I'm Maria De Souza, it's my first day," Maria beamed at Desk Officer.

"Okay Miss De Souza, let's get you an ID badge set up, if you just want to smile quickly." Before Maria could react accordingly, the desk officer had taken a picture of her, and was already uploading it onto a computer.

"Here you are," he passed her an ID badge a few moments later, Maria nodded, impressed at the officer's efficiency. "I'll call Officer Ramos down now."

Officer Ramos was an intimidating man, despite his short stature. The tenacity of a rottweiler in the body of a poodle. He was renowned as a bit of a bastard among senior police officers, and he was even worse with new recruits. "De Souza, with me."

Maria followed him down the corridor, taking the opportunity to swig some of her coffee which had finally cooled down. "We're going to be stationed on Estrada de Gavea today. Be vigilant because there's been a lot of reports of pickpocketing recently."

"No problem sir, when are we leaving?" Maria asked.

"Two minutes, at the front," Ramos replied, already walking away from his newest officer.

"Motherfucker," Maria muttered underneath her breath. Seeing a cafeteria in the break room, she took the opportunity to fill her now empty paper cup. She'd not slept that well and needed all the caffeine she could get. Aware that she'd not used the bathroom since waking up, she decided she should probably relieve herself too. The last thing she wanted was to be caught short on her first day. Especially not while working with Ramos. Before she could make it to the ladies room, a familiar voice interrupted her.

"Mariaaaaaaa!"

It was Camila Sanchez, her mentor during her training, an experienced larger than life officer who had become a maternal figure to Maria. "How are you doing?"

"I'm pretty good, working with Ramos all day, so that should be fun," Maria laughed.

Camila's face said it all. "The bastard," she mocked spitting. She rampaged into a story about how Ramos had made his last new recruit quit after four weeks, and Maria nodded along, slowly accepting that she wasn't going to have time to pee beforehand.

"Camila, I have to go!" Maria exclaimed after her senior's 10th unique expletive to described Ramos. "I can't be late for my first shift."

Camila kissed her forehead, and looked into her eyes. "Good luck beautiful."

If Maria was apprehensive at first, she was actively dreading it now. Her heart sank as she walked past the ladies restroom, the coffee from earlier was now sitting comfortably in her bladder, and the nerves weren't helping. Ramos was stood outside, looking at his watch.

"WHEN I SAY TWO MINUTES, I MEAN TWO MINUTES. YOU IDIOT! DID THEY NOT TEACH YOU HOW TO BE ON TIME DURING TRAINING?" he roared at her.

"I'm sorry sir, won't happen again sir!" Maria stifled back tears.

"Car, now."

###

The car journey was completely silent. The two were now stationed in Rocinha, ready to catch potential criminals on one of the busiest days of the year. Maria was regretting that second coffee, the first had gone right through her, and the second was filling up her bladder at a rapid pace. It wasn't helped by her tight fitting green police uniform, which whilst flattering her large chest, was also tight around her stomach, putting pressure on her bladder. She thought about asking Ramos if she could run to use the public toilets which were a three minute walk away, but she figured she knew what his answer would be. For now, she'd have to suffer in silence. She danced around on the spot a bit, finding the movement helped reduce her need slightly.

"Keep still, you're not a fucking ballet dancer," Ramos barked.

"Sorry sir," Maria replied, embarrassed that he'd noticed her pee dance. She had to go pretty badly now. Whilst her bladder was traditionally pretty large, she hadn't peed since waking up at 7. Since then, she'd had two coffees, plus a glass of orange juice and a water bottle. It was now midday, and all that recycled liquid was ready to go.

###

Maria winced, as Ramos took a swig out of his water bottle. Two hours had passed, and Maria was beyond desperate. Her bladder was constantly reminding her how full it was, and she couldn't even hold herself to relieve the pressure, for fear of being reprimanded by Ramos. An intense burst of desperation forced her hand.

"Erm Sir, can I be excused for five minutes to go to the restroom?" Maria asked.

Ramos looked at his watch. "I suppose we have been out here for a while. Hurry."

"Thank you, thank you, thank you!" Maria ran as fast as she could down the street. Her burning peehole quivered as she sprinted down the street, with her bladder heavy like a boulder. She was truly bursting for relief, and she almost let go there and then when she saw the sign for the bathrooms.

"Police, police!" someone yelled across the other side.

Maria wanted to cry. She was literally outside the door to the bathroom, but she now had to put her need aside to help an innocent civilian. She saw a balaclaved man running away from the scene, and figured that was her perpetrator. It felt like she had a dagger pushing against her stomach with every step, and she spluttered as she felt the criminal slipping away. She knew that she didn't really have a choice if she wanted to get someone locked up on her first day. Relaxing everything as she ran, her bladder gave way into her green trousers. Maria was too invested in the chase to enjoy the moment properly, as her bladder slowly deflated. Her trousers were now saturated with piss, which continued to pour out of her peehole. She felt as though with every ounce of liquid she lost, she ran a little bit faster, and by the time her bladder had emptied completely, she'd caught her suspect.

Placing handcuffs on her suspect, she tried her best not to grin, both at finally being able to pee and having caught her first criminal. Ramos sprinted towards them, struggling for breath.

"I'll take it from here De Souza, you did well today!" Ramos almost seemed to smile at her before looking down at her soaked trousers. "And don't worry, that happens more often than you'd think."
