Yuuma’s Day of Desperation

Author: noone11

*000*2024-06-03 23:59

This is my first omorashi story. I originally wrote it only for myself, so sorry if it’s poorly written, or the audience is a bit too specific….😅

Yuuma was someone you could call a “pretty boy”, with his fluffy black hair, flawless pale skin, dark doe eyes and thin but shapely body.

Unfortunately for him, his poor financial situation had ended up with him making explicit content to make ends meet. He didn’t have much of a choice. His parents threw him out as soon as he turned 18, and he wanted to go to college and get a decent job. Sure, he could get a part time job and take out student loans, but he didnt want any debt. Therefore, his next best course of action was to use his looks to his advantage. (Or, that was his thought process, at least)

It’s not like he hated doing it anyway. If anything, he rather enjoyed it at times…and that leads us to today’s story.

A man had made a…rather unique request. He wanted Yuuma to hold it for as long as possible, send him updates, and finally, a video of the release. Of course, he would be paying Yuuma handsomely. There was one small catch though. He had requested that Yuuma pee for at least one minute.

“What the hell?!” Yuuma thought. “Is it even possible or someone to go for that long??? I don’t think so…still, I can’t pass up the amount he’s paying me…” he thought for a moment “I guess I’ll have to try to my best.” He started by drinking several cups of tea, carefully tracking the amount. He decided to send his client the first update.

Drank around half a liter of tea, waiting for it to go down.

That’s not much, can you have at least 2 more liters?

He made a pouty face “Ah, seriously?! Fine, since he’s paying me so well”

Yuuma filled his large pitcher with water, and forced himself to drink it all. Having become quite bloated by the end, he rubbed his tummy to ease the pain as he waited for the water to go down. A few minutes passed, then a few more, and then even more after that. “How long does this take? I don’t feel desperate at all yet…” he sighed “well, if it’s going to take this long, I’ll get my shopping done in the meantime”

He spent around an hour buying stuff he needed before making his last stop at the mall, where he planned to buy some cute lingerie for his clients to see him in. He picked out a black one with lace that showed off his plump butt and tiny waist before heading to the car.

As he sat down, a huge wave of pressure hit him, causing him to grab his crotch and shake a bit. Thankfully, the wave subsided quickly.

“Damn, I really have to go…hope he lets me when I get home…”

Once he was home he decided to try on his new lingerie. He undressed and looked down at himself. He noticed a small bump protruding from his lower midsection “Is that my bladder? I didn’t know it could become visible like that…I should send a picture to my client”

He slipped into his lingerie before snapping the picture, The black lace perfectly tight around his bulging waist.

Is this good? Am I full enough for you?

No…not really, I really am paying a lot, so…you could hold more, right?

Yeah, of course!

“Is this guy crazy? Does he want me to burst?” Still, he couldn’t exactly say no, so he reluctantly agreed. He downed a liter of juice for good measure.

He watched his bulge grow larger and larger, pushing on the black lace of his outfit. The pressure was getting intense, he had been holding it for several hours now. He felt all the liquids he’d downed slowly force his poor bladder to stretch more and more. “I’ve got to admit, this feels kind of good…”

Then, after rubbing for a bit, A huge wave of pressure went through his body, the sensation almost orgasmic. He let out a loud moan as his bladder ached for release. “Damn, i don’t think I can hold it much longer…better send another message” He snapped another photo of his bulge for good measure.

How’s this? Big Enough? I really need to go now…

If you’re able to text me, you can still hold it, right? I’ll pay extra if you hold it throughout the night.

Okay, I’ll try…

Yuuma didn’t know if he would be able to, but he wasn’t going to pass up money for anything. He drank his last few cups and went to bed for the night.

Waking up the next morning, the pressure was obvious. It had been around 16 hours since he last relieved himself, and he had drank huge amounts of liquids. His bladder looked almost like a basketball.

“Jeez, I’m huge…there’s so much inside me” he would be lying to say he wasn’t feeling a bit of pleasure from the massive amount of piss he was holding. “Well, I guess this is a new fetish for me” He sat up quickly, instantly realizing that doing so was a horrible decision.

The piss started spurting out little by little through the black lace in his lingerie, making a hiss as it did so. He tried desperately to hold it back as he grabbed his phone and ran to the bathroom.

“SHIT, SHIT, SHIT” he exclaimed as he stood over the toilet and fumbled his phone in his hands, trying to press record through all the shaking. He finally pressed it and ripped his pants down, piss instantly flooding out, splashing into the side of the bowl like a small hose. Moans of relief escaped his body as wave after wave of piss flooded from his oversized bladder. It took nearly 3 minutes before he was finally done.

“So much better…” he sighed before sending the video to the client.

Here you go, hope it satisfies you~

Amazing…

