Guns for the Vox

Author: Nineteen

*000*2017-08-10 00:06

So I actually really like this one. The ending is more heartfelt than the others, so I'd be really, really happy if you read all the way through. I wrote it after watching SAO Abridged... you know, the end of episode eight? Yeah, kinda got the inspiration from that. Anyway, this one has been a long time coming, so enjoy!

...

Elizabeth bit her lip. She didn’t know exactly how long she had needed to pee, just that it was all she could think about right now. Mr. DeWitt had promised her Paris, but, right now, all she wanted was a toilet. To her dismay, however, they were in the middle of a firefight.

“Elizabeth!” Booker shouted at her, grabbing her attention. “I could use a little help!” Elizabeth snapped her attention to the scene in front of her. Booker had already ended the lives of three Fink men- Elizabeth gasped as she looked at the bloody mess where the last one’s head had been- but he had taken wounds himself. She noted a bullet graze on his leg and a hole on his upper arm. “Got anything for this?” He asked impatiently. Elizabeth nodded hurriedly and turned to open a nearby tear that contained a box full of medkits.

Booker continued to shoot at the Fink men as Elizabeth rushed over to the box and grabbed one of the first aid kits. “Booker,” she shouted. “Catch!” He looked up and she lobbed the kit towards him. He caught it easily and immediately started to dress his wounds. Elizabeth nodded, satisfied, and began to survey the room once more. There were still five men rushing between pillars and using the gap in gunfire to reload and regroup. Elizabeth decided she would change that.

Looking up at the various tears available, she found one that housed an automated turret. This will send them running, Elizabeth thought. She closed her eyes and concentrated her entire mind on bringing the turret to life. A loud crack filled the air, and, when she opened her eyes again, the room was bright with the fire of a machine operated chaingun. Elizabeth watched as the men scattered again, but, to her horror, one was too slow and caught a full volley of bullets directly to the chest and stomach. He fell in a heap and stopped moving.

Elizabeth gasped and covered her mouth, but, just as her eyes started to fill with tears over what she had done, a bullet whizzed by her head and caused her to fall to the ground from shock. She spent a moment looking at the ceiling, trying to catch her breath, but, when she came back to her senses, it wasn’t her breathing that was out of control.

Her hands flew to her crotch, one clamping onto her leaking pee hole and the other landing on top of the first. She squeezed her legs together and clenched, hard. Even with all of her preventive measures, the flow took a moment to subside. She sat up, feeling her wet panties slide against her and a couple drips of urine leak down her leg. Her eyes widened in horror, but, just as she was about to look at the damage for herself, the gunfire in the room ceased.

Elizabeth looked up to find that the room was empty, except for a few corpses, she and booker, and a loudly whining, smoking turret. Elizabeth recalled her tear and the turret vanished. “Alright,” Booker called, “that’s the last of ‘em. Ready to move on?” Elizabeth looked at the floor. “What is it?” Booker asked, walking closer.

“It’s nothing…” Elizabeth responded, feeling a flush creep onto her face. Booker came closer still.

“What?” He asked, coming within mere feet of the humiliated girl. “I didn’t hear you.” Elizabeth shook her head and continued to look at the ground, her face reddening further. Booker walked straight up to her and put his hand on her shoulder. “I saw what happened with that turret, Elizabeth. You don’t have to feel guilty, you know. He was going to try and kill us. You don’t have to blame yourself for getting him first.” Elizabeth looked up at him, her eyes tearing up from the reminder of what had happened. “It really is completely fine.” Elizabeth nodded, and Booker smiled softly at her, before a thoughtful expression took it’s place. “Do you smell that? Popcorn…” He looked around, clearly trying to find the source of the smell, but Elizabeth could only turn away from him, embarrassed. She knew exactly where the smell was coming from.

“Oh well,” he announced after searching for a moment and finding nothing. “Time to get moving.” Elizabeth nodded again, and waited for Booker’s footsteps to resume before following at a distance. She didn’t want him smelling her again. She was only a few steps into their journey, however, before another wave of desperation wracked her body. She was afraid to grab herself where Booker could see, so it was all she could do to clench her hands into fists at her sides and try to hold her pee in with muscles alone.

After a few moments of agonizing desperation, Elizabeth was confident that the surge was almost over and began to relax… when another wave overtook her, even more intense than the one before. Before Elizabeth could react, a short jet of pee had escaped her, re-wetting her panties and dripping down her leg. Elizabeth gasped and grabbed herself, convinced that she couldn’t stop it any other way. After a long moment and another, longer spurt, she finally got herself under control, waiting until she was certain the wave of desperation had passed to relax.

Elizabeth looked up, expecting to find Booker studying her with a disgusted expression, but, to her alarm, he had not only continued on without her, but was nowhere to be seen. Elizabeth considered running in the direction he had gone, but another pang of desperation put an end to that idea. After she had gotten her bladder under control (luckily with no squirts), she decided that it would be a much better idea to go look for a bathroom. The street was empty, save for the dead bodies of the Fink employees Booker had ended, so she was free to enter any building she desired.

The first building she tried was locked, as were the second and third. Elizabeth nearly gave up and decided to pee in the street, but she seemed to recall a store that had been open on their way through. She began to walk back the way they came. She could practically feel her bladder filling up, but, to her dismay, the store she had in mind was all the way at the end of the street. She could barely make out the sign, but she was convinced that, if she could just make it to that store, she would have a chance to relieve her bladder.

She had only walked a few yards when another stab of desperation seized her. With no one around to see her, she felt comfortable enough to grab herself to stop the flow… but, to her horror, it wasn’t enough. Even with her hands jammed into her crotch, drops of urine began to escape her. She gasped and bent forward at the waist, trying to find a safe position for her bladder. As if to spite her, her bladder’s only response was to increase the flow, a spurt escaping her pee hole, then another that shot through her panties and dampened the front of her skirt, under her hands. Elizabeth, gasped again, holding her breath this time, and crossing her legs, hard. Another spurt, longer this time. “No…” Elizabeth whimpered. Finally, Elizabeth’s only hope was to clench her bladder. To her amazement, the flow sputtered out and stopped. After a moment, the wave of desperation passed… sort of.

Her bladder would not be ignored anymore. It would be a constant annoyance until she reached a bathroom or wet herself, she could tell. It was all she could do to hobble toward the building at the end of the street, bent into a position where she could maintain bladder control. Her bladder screamed at every step, but she closed the distance all the same. Thirty yards, twenty yards, ten yards, and finally she was there. There was only one thing in her way. Stairs.

It was only five steps, but the first one was torture. She could hardly contain herself as her legs spread apart to mount the obstacle. The second one was better, but the third was worse. The fourth was agony, and Elizabeth felt a squirt escape her, but she couldn’t stop. Not so close to her goal. The last step was unbearably painful, but Elizabeth made it anyway. The only penalty was that her occasional squirt turned into a constant, light drip.

Elizabeth pushed the door open, saying a silent prayer of thanks when it wasn’t locked. She stumbled into the store, looking anywhere and everywhere for a sign indicating a bathroom, but she found nothing. Instead, she stumbled into the back room, groaning as the movement turned her drip into a tiny stream, but she was so close… or so she thought. The back room was only a store room.

Elizabeth moaned helplessly, but, just as she was about to despair, something popped up in the store room. A tear, with a full bathroom in it. Stalls, sinks, toilets- as many as she could want. The sight almost made Elizabeth lose control completely, but she held it in. She couldn’t let go this close to her goal. She closed her eyes and focused all her attention on the tear… but instead of a crack, Elizabeth heard a hiss. While she was distracted, her bladder had let loose in earnest.

Despite the bathroom right in front of her, Elizabeth couldn’t stop the spray from escaping her exhausted bladder. All she could do was fall to her knees, grabbing more and more of her skirt to absorb the flow, although she had no idea why. The hiss was deafening, and Elizabeth could only look at the ceiling, her face beet red and tears dripping out of her eyes, as the entire contents of her bladder escaped, soaking her legs and her skirt and then collecting in an ever growing puddle on the floor. It took almost a minute for the flow to subside, and, as Elizabeth’s panic faded, she could only marvel at just how much pee she had been holding.

When she finally finished peeing, she closed her eyes and stood up, cringing as the drips of pee that clung to her panties and skirt fell down her legs. When she turned around to leave, her eyes widened as she found Booker standing in the doorway, one eyebrow raised. “What happened?” He said, feigning ignorance, but when he saw the tears on Elizabeth’s face his tone changed. “Oh, I’m sorry Elizabeth. Are you okay?”

“Yes,” she mumbled, “I’m fine.” She took a deep breath and tried to suppress her soft sobs, but failed. Booker took her hands. “How did you find me?” She asked him in a quiet whisper.

“I saw you struggling up the steps outside when I came looking for you,” he responded, “I was worried you were hurt. I hope you’re not too embarrassed, but this is kinda preferable to me.” Elizabeth was taken aback by his lack of disgust and could only giggle at his subtle joke. “I’m glad you’re not crying anymore,” he said softly. “Now come on, kid. We’ve got some guns to get.” He walked slowly out of the back room, stopping to make sure that Elizabeth was following. Elizabeth smiled weakly at him, wiped the tears from her eyes and followed. This would be a long day.

...

So that's the end of the story! Please let me know what you thought in the comments (like whether you prefer it ending right after the accident or continuing for a couple more paragraphs) and thank you so much for reading! If you have any suggestions, shoot me a PM and I'll get to it as soon as I can, or feel free to read my other stuff!

*003*2017-08-12 16:58

{{On 8/9/2017 at 8:47 PM, Bellatrix1 said:

What a great story =)

}}

Thank you!

{{On 8/10/2017 at 2:29 PM, OmoJack said:

Awesome story! Top notch wetting

}}

I'm so glad you think so!

*005*2018-02-21 01:53

{{On 2/18/2018 at 2:28 PM, Who Cares? said:

Can't tell you how long I've wanted a good Elizabeth story. Thank you, this was great.

}}

Well I am very glad you liked it!

