The Meeting

Author: nalekema

*000*2024-04-27 21:28

Monica shifted her weight on her office chair and added just one more correction to her program. Now it should work. She started the program and seconds later, another error message popped up. Monica gave up, locked her Computer and went for the bathroom. She had put off going for quite some time because she was SO close to the solution. Now she just had to pee and accepted that she would not solve this problem before she went.

It was a Friday afternoon and the office was already quite empty. Just as she passed her boss's office, the door opened. Her boss came out, looking around. "Aaaahhh, Monica!" he said. "Just the one we need right now! Meet Mr Horner, our newest client. We need some technical advice from you, concerning our project."

Monica felt uncomfortable. She needed to pee pretty badly and she was not dressed to meet a client. She wore tight fitting faded jeans and a slightly worn pink t-shirt. Enough for working at the office, but not the usual business attire she would wear to show professionalism to clients. She saw the client across the office and noticed that his eyes did not meet her but went lower, checking her body.

She had no way to get out of this. She went into the boss's office and greeted the client. The technical questions were quite simple and she could consult the customer on the particular route to make the project a success.

Although her part was quickly finished, Monica saw no way of leaving this meeting gracefully. Her bladder screamed for release, but Monica kept a straight face. She knew from experience that she could always hold for another 10 minutes, but it became increasingly difficult to smile to the customer while her bladder was aching.

After half an hour, the client finally left and Monica and her boss accompanied him to the door. The moment he was out of sight, Monica made a quick excuse to her boss and darted for the lavatories. The pressure became unbearable. She felt a little spurt escape at the moment she tried to pull down her jeans. Monica managed to stop the flow immediately, but her panties were already a little wet. Monica thought "fuck it" and sat down on the toilet with her panties still on and peed straight through them. The feeling of finally letting go was incredible. Monica loved peeing in her panties and would have happily wet her jeans if there had been any way of getting away with it. Monica peed for a full two minutes before the stream subsided. She sat on the seat for another two minutes, feeling her wet panties in her crotch.

Reluctantly, Monica opened her eyes and stripped her jeans off, then removed the soaked panties. For now, she would just leave them in the washroom. All other female employees had surely left already, so she was safe for now. Her jeans had stayed mostly dry, only a few drops had soaked into the seam, but noting was visible from the outside.

Relieved, but without panties, Monica returned to her boss's office. "Sorry boss, I just had to go. I was on the way to the bathroom when you caught me."

"I'm sorry, I didn't know. You should have told me!", he answered. Monica didn't answer that this was not really an option with the client listening.

As expected, Monica was given the task of writing the quote to the customer. "Give them a 5% discount and make sure he gets the quote before he arrives home!". Monica sighed on the inside. This task meant another hour to work before she could go home tonight, but she knew that getting the quotes out fast was really important.

She said goodbye to her boss and turned around. In the reflection on his glass door, she saw his eyes flick down towards her well-rounded back side.

Back in her office, she quickly checked again that there were no pee stains on her jeans, but she couldn't find any. Her boss's message with all the client and project details had already arrived. She postponed the problem she had worked on before and looked into the project. It was pretty straightforward, but it still took her half an hour to finish the quote. She sent it out and cleaned up her desk. Her Air-Up bottle was still half full, so she drunk it up before she put it into her locker for drying. Ten Minutes later, everything was packed and Monica walked through the empty office. She was the last one there, even the boss had left.

Monica came to the bathroom and thought about her missing panties. She had 45 minutes of cycling until she was home and while the feeling of the hard seam on her pussy would feel pleasant at first, she would not arrive without getting into serious pain. So even though they were wet and cold, she put on her panties for the ride home.

As she jumped on her bike, she took a quick look at her crotch and saw that the wetness from her panties had already diffused into her jeans and made a little dark patch. "Oh well", she thought and quickly pedalled away before she could encounter someone she knew.

It turned out that the way home was quite long for her strained bladder and after only a few kilometres, she felt the need to pee again. Monica thought about it. She would probably make it home, but on the other hand, wetting herself on the bike would feel really good and the jeans would need washing anyways. It was not a hard decision to make. She waited for a few more minutes for a decent amount of pee to accumulate in her bladder. She felt the pressure growing to the point where it was painful to hold. She just let go. The stream started slowly, warming up her panties and soaking the back of her jeans. The saddle limited the flow, so the pee lasted quite a while.

On the rest of the way home, Monica released her pee into her panties every time she had anything. Shortly before arriving home, she squeezed out every last drop. The bottom of her jeans were completely soaked and every neighbour would have seen what she did, but fortunately, there was no-one around.

Monica closed her door behind her, let out another stream of pee, while feeling the wetness of her jeans with her left hand and thought of what else she could do with the rest of this night.

*003*2024-05-25 20:54

Thanks, I will try to write more.

