The Golden Ratio: Six Girls, One Bathroom - Page 2

Author: Noot

*031*2020-10-07 17:05

Before we get into the next chapter, just wanted to say that although there's too many of you to name individually, thanks so much to everyone who's commented and liked and followed so far. The fact that so many people are really enjoying this story means a load to me and I'm incredibly grateful for all the support.

###

Chapter 6

Awake

"I wish there was somethin' you would do or say

To try and make me change my mind and stay

We never did too much talkin' anyway

But don't think twice, it's all right"

- Bob Dylan

"Drink this, it'll make you feel better".

Amira's words floated into one of Chloe's ears and out of the other. Somewhere in between, she managed vaguely to decipher what they meant. In front of her was a glass of clear liquid, held out by a hand far too steady to be Chloe's. She took it and sipped gingerly- water. Nothing more, nothing less... at least, not so far as she could tell. Grateful, she took a few more sips from the glass, this time more readily. It soothed her throat as it trickled down.

They were in the living room. It had taken Chloe a few seconds to recognise the place because she'd barely set foot inside since her arrival. Slowly returning to her senses, she could start to piece together the puzzles of the jigsaw. She was on one sofa, slumped against the armrest, Amira sitting by her side. On the other couch, Carmen was drinking from a wine glass filled with something that wasn't wine while Abbie rested another bottle of beer on her lap.

Both were intently watching the TV, which was on, but muted, with subtitles in a foreign language. It was playing an episode of SpongeBob SquarePants- at that particular moment, Mr. Krabs was talking to his enormous whale daughter, Pearl. Even if she had been sober, Chloe would've still been utterly confused by it, and not just because she only spoke English. All she could hear was music she didn't recognise coming from Sophie's portable speaker, as loud as she dared play it while they were only one thin wall away from the neighbours.

Molly and Sophie herself sat on the floor, face to face, playing some sort of two-person drinking game that Chloe watched with a degree curiosity. After a while, she thought she had it figured out. The game looked like some sort of alcoholic Top Trumps, in which both girls would flip over a card simultaneously and the player with the lowest value had to drink. As Chloe watched, she realised the faint smell in the air was weed, coming from the two of them. She grabbed for her phone, disconcerted.

It was gone 10:00PM- seeing as her last memory was downing the King cup, that had to mean she'd missed at least two hours. But the water had made her feel alert, and the sickness she'd experienced after finishing the pint glass was nearly all gone. Back again, though, was the heaviness of her bladder, which seemed to have filled up quite rapidly while she'd been mentally checked out. She supposed that, after more than two hours since her last visit to the bathroom (as far as she could remember), it was hardly surprising that she had to go again.

She turned to Amira, thanked her and handed the water back. Only then did Chloe realise that the other girl had a comforting hand on her shoulder, and she was surprised to find that it made her feel better rather than worse. Ordinarily she'd have found such gestures patronising, but Amira didn't seem to have an insincere mode.

"You okay?" Amira asked, not for the first time that night. Chloe opened her mouth to affirm that she was, but no words wanted to come, so she shut it again and simply nodded. "Do you feel sick?", she pressed, and Chloe quickly shook her head. She didn't feel too ill anymore and the last thing she wanted was to be worried about.

Amira looked Chloe up and down. The blonde girl's body was tense, her legs crossed, her toes tapping distractedly on the ground. In her drunkeness, she hadn't even realised she was doing these things, but Amira demonstrated once again her uncanny ability to read people.

"Do you need the loo?" she asked, and Chloe nodded, feeling rather small but glad to have been asked nonetheless. "Right, let's take you, then," Amira said, getting to her feet and gently helping Chloe up. Abbie gave them a questioning look, to which Amira responded by simply mentioning the word toilet. Sophie and Molly were so engrossed in their game that they didn't even notice.

The pair slipped out into the hall, Amira carefully closing the living room door behind them to cut back on the noise. She didn't immediately head for the bathroom, though- instead she flicked on the lights to illuminate the corridor. The girl examined Chloe under the lightbulb's helpful glow, checking, it seemed, that her eyes still had energy in them. Chloe shifted awkwardly from one foot to the other- standing up had amplified her urge to urinate enormously. Out there, where the sound of music was muffled and the smell of marijuana was muted, speaking felt a thousand times easier.

"Thank you," Chloe said, air flowing far more freely into her lungs now, "that water really helped".

"I really wish you hadn't downed that cup, Chloe," Amira scolded. It shocked Chloe to realise that Amira was slurring her words too, now- if even she was drunk already, it was no wonder Chloe hadn't stood much of a chance. She looked disappointed, but not in Chloe- it was more like she was disappointed in herself for allowing it to happen. "We all knew this would happen and we didn't stop you".

Chloe felt a pang of guilt for making her new friend worry. "It's fine," she mumbled, "It was my decision. I really do feel a lot better now, anyway".

"You're not talking like you're fine," Amira said.

"Neither are you," Chloe pointed out, "but I don't feel sick anymore".

Amira stepped closer and gave her a hug, squeezing tightly. Chloe smelt the booze on her breath, but she didn't mind. Her bladder was beginning to protest at her lack of action, threatening to leak if she didn't get moving.

"You don't have to come with me," Chloe said, 'I'll be okay on my own". That last part, she knew, wasn't a guarantee; there was a piece of her that worried she might trip or fall asleep on the toilet, but she didn't want to be a bother to this girl who had been so kind to her. It was a relief, then, when Amira shook her head.

"I'm busting anyway, I haven't been all night," she said, taking Chloe by the wrist and starting down the corridor, "I always do this when I'm drunk".

"Do what?"

"I put off going for as long as I can," Amira explained, "I hate breaking the seal".

"Breaking the seal?" Chloe asked. She'd heard the expression before but never really understood what it meant.

"When you drink, the first time you pee is like breaking a seal. After that you'll be going all night".

They had reached the bathroom now, and Chloe didn't mind when Amira led them both inside and left the door half closed. Seeing the toilet made her need even more pronounced, and she found herself knock-kneed, pushing her thighs together to ease the pressure. Amira took one look at the girl's posture and gave her a gentle push towards the toilet.

"You go first," Amira said, "but please be quick". Chloe pulled down her jeans, then her panties, not once stopping to consider the fact that Amira could see her private parts. Whether it was the alcohol or how close they'd grown in such a short space of time, she couldn't find a reason to care about it anymore, especially after the girl had seen her on the loo a few hours ago.

"Thanks," Chloe said sleepily, drunken eyes half-lidded as the stream started in earnest. She rested her chin on her hand as she had earlier, feeling the full effects of the alcohol under the bathroom's fluorescent light.

"Don't mention it, you looked desperate," Amira said.

"So do you," Chloe said. It was true: as she watched, Amira was leaning against the wall opposite the toilet, legs squirming constantly. She was bouncing, Chloe realised; not a lot, but enough to notice, butt rubbing against the wall while she moved up and down, bending and extending her knees just a little. Her hands were fidgeting in front of her crotch as if she desperately wanted to hold it but didn't dare.

"I am," Amira said with a small, nervous smile, "really regretting letting you go first now".

Chloe giggled. Even then, she thought it was an incredibly un-Chloe noise. "You're just too nice," she said, "don't worry, I'm almost finished".

The stream began to taper off, and Amira hooked her thumbs beneath the waistband of her leggings in anticipation. Sensing that time was of the essence, Chloe didn't bother wiping. Instead, she got off the toilet as soon as she was done, waddling awkwardly out of the way with her jeans around her ankles. Amira slipped past her and was seated before Chloe could even turn around, peeing a river into the bowl with aplomb. This was a side of her that Chloe had never seen; the girl closed her eyes, tilted her head back and moaned loudly, apparently consumed by the relief. She either didn't know or didn't care that Chloe could see both stream and source in more detail than she'd ever have expected. Despite herself, Chloe stared there for longer than she knew she should, safe in the knowledge that Amira's eyes were shut tight. Something was drawing her there, making her look.

Amira farted softly and the spell was broken. She froze, still peeing hard. An embarrassed smile snuck onto her lips. Her eyes opened a little and made contact with Chloe's.

"Sorry," she said sheepishly, "that was an accident".

Chloe almost wanted to laugh, but even drunk she thought that would send the wrong message. Instead, not knowing what words to use to tell Amira that it was alright, that farting wasn't something to be embarrassed about, she bore down and pushed out one of her own. It was far louder than Amira's and felt much bigger than Chloe had intended, but it had the desired effect.

Now they did laugh, both girls cracking up at the insanity of the situation. Here they were, not half a day after meeting, standing together in a cramped bathroom while one peed and another farted. None of it made any sense, and yet they felt closer for it.

Behind where Chloe was standing, the door opened, almost bumping her on the back. She moved out of the way and Sophie stumbled in, leaning on the side of the shower for support. With one hand she flicked the door behind her in an attempt to close it, missed, and sat down hard on the side of the bath. It took a few seconds for her eyes to start seeing and she looked around the room in bemusement, glancing from Amira on the toilet to a half-naked Chloe's exposed pussy and back again.

"What is happening in here?" she slurred, gripping the bath with one hand as if she was scared of falling in.

"It's a long story," Amira said, her stream slowing. She grabbed three squares of paper and handed them to Chloe, then tore off some for herself. Watching the two girls wipe, even a drunk Sophie could figure it out.

"Chloe was on the toilet and you couldn't hold it until she was done," she guessed. The two girls looked at each other, caught red-handed.

"Yeah, that's pretty much it," Chloe admitted.

"Well, move over, 'cos I'm about to piss myself".

Amira got up, allowing Sophie to jump on and start her own wee. That left Amira and Chloe awkwardly holding three sheets each of damp toilet paper.

"Open up, Sophie," Amira said gently. Sophie looked up at them, eyes confused for a few seconds, then understood from the way Amira was holding her scrunched-up paper underarm. She and Chloe gently tossed the paper between Sophie's legs and into the bowl, where some was caught mid-fall by her ferocious stream of pee. A familiar robotic chime rang out from the kitchen and Amira gasped. "My phone! It's been on the table all night," she cried, dashing to the kitchen to retrieve it.

"How's you feeling, Chloe?" Sophie asked now that they were alone. Chloe thought for a second before answering.

"Better now I've been for a wee," she said truthfully, "I don't remember much of the last two hours, though".

"Really? That's a shame," Sophie said, "you were on fire".

Chloe felt worried now. "How?"

"Oh, nothing bad. Games and stuff. We played Just Dance. You were shit, but it was funny".

Chloe blushed. That did sound like her.

"Anyway, I think we're going on a walk soon," she continued, "just around the area- oh, fuck!"

Chloe hadn't been paying attention to Sophie's stance, but she turned around at the sound of the swear.

"What is it?"

Sophie was bent over, inspecting her light green pants with one hand. Even at a distance, Chloe could see the dark wet spot on the crotch.

"Leaked a bit. I didn't even feel it come out, this always happens when I'm drunk".

"Oh, I get that all the time," Chloe said reassuringly, "even this morning after I drove up here".

"I'll have to change pants now," Sophie mourned. She checked her phone for the time. "It's 10:16, could you tell the others we'll leave at half past? I'll be down by then".

Chloe nodded and slipped out of the room, secretly grateful for an excuse to escape the strong smell of Amira's (and mostly Chloe's) farts. Before she could reach the living room, though, light from the kitchen drew her in. The room, strewed now with empty bottles and glasses and food packaging and cigarettes, was empty save for one girl- but, to Chloe's surprise, it wasn't Amira.

"Good first night so far?", asked Abbie.

Chloe allowed herself a smile and stepped into the kitchen. The whole house was a sharply contrasted mess of gloomy darkness and dazzling light; in here, the glow was so strong that every detail was laid bare. On the table sat a half-open box of cigarettes and a few flakes of what looked like weed. At least half a dozen kinds of booze ordained the side worktops, and on the back of two chairs hung jackets belonging to Carmen and Molly. It took Chloe a few seconds to even register that music was playing in the background, far less loudly than what had been on in the living room- but she heard it now, softly picked guitar and a man's raspy voice. She wasn't much of a folk fan, but she knew the voice well- Bob Dylan, singing Don't Think Twice, It's All Right. Abbie stood behind the table, pouring something golden-brown into a short glass. The sound of the liquid tinkling gently into the glass harmonised eerily with Dylan's harmonica.

Chloe approached. "The bits I can remember, yeah," she said. Her chair had been left untucked, and she sat on it now.

"You know nobody expected you to down that cup," Abbie said.

"You sound exactly like Amira," Chloe complained, "I feel fine now. Just hungry, I still haven't eaten".

Abbie looked her dead in the eye, as if hoping she might find some secret in the irises. "You're joking, right?"

"Why would I be joking?"

The shorter girl nodded towards the bin in the corner of the room. Beside it, stacked up neatly, were three empty pizza boxes with Domino's emblazoned on the front. They hadn't been there that morning. Chloe's eyes widened.

"I didn't have any of that, did I?"

"You had half a pizza. Then you had Carmen's last slice because she didn't want it. Then you had Sophie's last two slices because she got high and forgot about them".

"Ah," Chloe said, "that does sound like something I'd do". She felt herself blush. "Sorry".

Abbie laughed then, but the sound caught Chloe off-guard. It wasn't the sarcastic, dry laugh she'd been hearing from Abbie that day. It was a genuine expression of humour, with no mouthguard or gloves on. It sounded almost pretty.

"Don't be sorry, it was funny". She held up the dark bottle to Chloe, having finished pouring her drink, and gestured towards Chloe's glass. "You want some?"

"Sure," Chloe said, pushing the glass towards Abbie, "what is it?"

She laughed again, and again it was sincere rather than sardonic. "This is whiskey, Chloe," she said, "just not the cheap stuff. This stuff is old. When I was a baby, my Godfather bought it for my Christening, so I could drink it when I was older".

Chloe frowned. "He bought a newborn baby girl whiskey?"

Abbie gave her an are you kidding me look. Chloe thought for a second, then felt herself turn even redder.

"Oh, right," she said, feeling stupider than ever. Abbie tried to hold her gaze, but cracked for a third time, laughing even harder than before. She finished pouring Chloe's drink and handed it back to her. Chloe just thanked her quietly and sat in the silence for a few seconds, listening to Dylan reach the fourth and final verse. A taste-test of the whiskey confirmed her suspicions: it packed a serious punch, and Chloe was sure that Amira or Molly would be telling her not to drink it if they'd been there. But it was nice, the two of them sitting peacefully in the room together, a break from the head-pounding bass of the other room. Then:

"My dad used to play this song," Chloe said. She didn't know why she had told Abbie this. She hadn't even thought about that fact in years, until that precise moment. It simply came to her from the subconscious. Abbie looked up, took one glance at Chloe's face and seemed to know immediately what used to meant.

"I'm sorry," she said quietly.

"I'm not," Chloe replied, then paused. "Well.. I kind of am, but I'm also not, you know?"

Abbie nodded. "I know".

"Apparently we're going on a walk?" Chloe wanted to change the subject.

"Yeah, Sophie and Molly have been talking about that for a while. I wouldn't mind the fresh air, to be honest".

"Easy for you to say, you're not drunk," Chloe grumbled.

"Where are you getting that idea from?" Abbie said with a wry smile.

"Well, you're talking fine, you're not falling over or anything. I've lost two hours' memory and nearly wet myself twice".

Abbie finished her drink in one long, dangerous swallow. She turned and left the glass by the side of the sink, then picked up the ancient bottle and rounded the table towards the kitchen door.

"The night is still young, my friend," she said. That biting tone was back, apropos of nothing. "Now, I'm gonna go put something warm on".

*037*2020-10-13 01:58

Chapter 7

Willow

"When I see stars,

That's all they are"

- fun.

They left the house at precisely thirty-seven minutes past Ten, which Chloe didn't think was bad going for a gaggle of drunk students who seemed to be led by a stoned hippie. Only seven minutes behind schedule- Chloe had turned up to plenty of classes later than that over the years. And so, once the burglar alarm had been inexpertly set by Molly (and re-done far more sensibly by Abigail), they had locked the front door behind them and swung left towards the busier side of town, stumbling along in a staggered formation that switched and swapped with seemingly no logical basis, groups of two or three falling in and out of conversation with the rhythmless randomness that only intoxicated young people could master. In the silent moments they slipped into the habit of staring up at the clear, deep sky as they walked. Tonight, stars peppered a cloudless blanket of indigo. Chloe had never paid them much attention before, but now she thought there was something oddly beautiful about it all.

Within half an hour they were some distance from home and showed no signs of being ready to turn back. The air was fresh, crisp and viciously cold. For midnight Manchester in September, there was a mutual understanding that viciously cold was about the best they could have hoped for. Chloe felt protected from the chill by her thick winter coat and the glow of the alcohol, immersed in both the physical and the chemical insulation.

Some of the others were not so lucky; Carmen had underdressed, it seemed, and walked shakily along the pavement, hugging her shoulders. Chloe thought wryly that this was probably not the kind of weather she'd gotten used to growing up in Spain. Sophie, too, had chosen not to put on anything more than the short sleeves she'd worn at the table, but she was bouncing along like she'd won the lottery, showing no signs whatsoever of feeling the cold. The blonde girl was chatting at a hundred miles an hour to Abbie, who seemed content to listen quietly and let her speak.

Behind them, Carmen and Amira were discussing something or another. They'd been having the same conversation for several minutes, but all Chloe had really picked up was that it had something to do with their siblings. She remembered Amira mentioning, not long after they'd first met, that she'd grown up with two sisters, and Chloe had heard enough to be fairly sure that Carmen had at least one brother, too. Being an only child (a fact she was both resentful of and grateful for), Chloe was struggling to think of ways she could contribute to the conversation. In the end she allowed herself to give up and watch them talk through it without her.

It was a shame, in a way; she'd have been grateful from a distraction from her bladder, which was already filling up once again. Alcohol had a tendency to have her peeing at least once an hour, and it had been a while since her desperate encounter with Amira. She'd never thought about her friend's seal-breaking theory before, but when she gave it some consideration it seemed to make a good degree of sense. Since that first wee during the card game, she'd been needing to pretty regularly.

Molly was the only other girl at the back of the group, trailing along beside Chloe. The violet highlights in her hair winked in the moon's glow. She'd been quiet for much of the walk, but it was a peaceful kind of quiet, one that gave the aura of reflective content rather than something unsettling. Before they'd left the house she'd slipped into a black cardigan, which didn't look very thick- and yet, if she was cold, she wasn't betraying it. It was the kind of garment that probably wouldn't look too out of place on an elderly librarian, but on Molly's shoulders it took on a whole different meaning, becoming something far more youthful.

Every now and then, as she walked, she would flick her hair out of her eyes and look up towards the sky as if she was expecting a meteor shower, or perhaps a low-flying Lugia. Chloe watched the unknowing girl and wondered how she'd landed herself in a house with so many naturally beautiful women. She was more than confident that stripping Molly of her hair dye and makeup and piercings would make her no less gorgeous. But she didn't want to do that. She very much liked how Molly looked already.

While Chloe drunkenly admired her new friend, Molly turned back suddenly and looked right at her. Chloe averted her awkward eyes, hoping that she hadn't been caught staring; the last thing she wanted was to creep anyone out. But if Molly had noticed, then she said nothing about it. Instead she gave a smile tinged with tiredness and asked her how she was.

"I'm good, thanks," Chloe replied, breathing an internal sigh of relief, "glad I took my jacket, though".

Molly laughed. "Yeah, me too. I think if this was December Carmen might've caught frostbite by n-", she burped softly, a noise which Chloe found both funny and weirdly endearing, "now. I never get cold easily when I'm drunk, anyway".

"Yeah, that's one of the benefits," said Chloe. "How long do you think we'll be out?"

Molly looked at her watch. It was approaching quarter past eleven. "Uh, not too long. We'll probably turn back in a bit".

"Okay, cool," Chloe said, "I only ask 'cause I'm starting to need a wee again".

"Don't worry about it, I'm absolutely busting for a wee," Molly agreed, as casually as if she'd been asked how she liked her coffee, "I was just going to go behind a bin or something in a bit".

"Oh, you were?" Chloe was more than a little bit surprised at this- while going to the toilet outdoors wasn't exactly an uncommon part of student nightlife, she'd never done it before and hadn't expected it to be on the cards tonight.

"Yeah, 'course," Molly said. "No way can I hold it 'till we get back, so there's no point trying. Basically, when I get drunk and I need a wee, I have maybe twenty minutes before I just..."

"... lose it," Chloe finished, and the dark-haired girl nodded, "I'm the same. You've probably got a point, actually, I doubt I can wait until we get home now. We're too far".

"And nowhere will let us in to use their loos anyway, in our state'.

"Exactly. Do you think... when you go, maybe I could come with you? Might be safer that way," Chloe said, blushing slightly and hoping the darkness obscured it.

"Yeah, of course!" Molly said in a voice that clearly indicated that she thought it was silly that Chloe had even felt like she even had to ask, "I'll ask the others, too, we can't be the only ones". With a few long strides, she joined the rest of the pack, and Chloe caught up so she could her talk to them. "Me and Chloe are going for a wee in a bit, does anyone else need one?"

"Yeah, I'll come," Sophie said, "I don't need to go yet but I will soon, so might as well".

Carmen concurred. "I'll come too, I'm starting to get really desperate".

"Amira? Abbie?" Molly asked.

"I'm okay, thanks," Amira said, "I'll keep watch for you".

"I don't need to go, either," Abbie said. Chloe didn't think she'd seen Abbie even talk about needing to go for the entire day, which made her unique amongst all of the girls. It was hard to tell if she was just shy or if she really did have an iron bladder.

"Alright, looks like it's the four of us," Molly announced, "keep an eye out for a good place to go".

"What makes a good place good?" Chloe asked curiously.

Sophie tutted, taking over. "You have a lot to learn," she said, "we're looking for somewhere quiet, private, easy to run from if someone catches us. It can't be in view of the road in case a car comes past. Oh, and it can't be somewhere too dark".

Chloe ran over the mental checklist in her head. "Got it".

They started to look for an ideal spot to relieve themselves, and she felt her bladder getting fuller with every step. Thankfully, it wasn't too long before Carmen pointed. "There," she said.

The rest of the group followed her gaze and saw a rounded silhouette jutting out of the grassy surface in a park they were passing. It took Chloe a few seconds of squinting until her eyes adjusted and she realised what she was looking at- a Willow Dome, just like the one she'd had in the field at her old school. They were half-spheres made from the branches and leaves of a willow tree, meant as a shady den to relax in or a playhouse for children. The darkness turned the green to a pitch black, but nobody minded so long as it offered them cover. It was easily wide enough to fit the four of them, too. The park, so far as they could tell, was deserted. Only the occasional car passing by gave any indication that anyone else was alive on earth.

"Perfect," said Molly, heading straight for the dome, "thank fuck for that, I thought I was gonna piss myself".

Stepping over the low barrier designed to stop vehicles getting into the park, Chloe approached the dome while Amira and Abbie stayed behind to wait. When she got closer, she wasn't surprised to see that it had three entrances, arranged equally far apart like the corners of a triangle. Sophie led the line bravely, driven no doubt by booze and an urgent need to pee, wielding the torch function on her phone to light the way. The portals were short and narrow, and all the women other than Carmen needed to duck to get through. Inside, as expected, was nothing but empty circle of uncut grass.

"Right, if I just pop this here..." Sophie placed her phone screen-down on the floor, offering some light in which the girls had some kind of chance to see where they were going, "... that's better". Naturally, they'd ended up in a sort of circle, with Chloe opposite Sophie and Carmen opposite Molly. Now that they were so close to relief, her bladder was practically screaming to be emptied, but she'd never done that outside as an adult and didn't want to be the first to start.

She was grateful when Molly wasted no time in tearing down her jeans and bending into a squat, holding her drunken arms out for balance. They all heard the instant sound of her pee pattering against the grass and dry mud, gushing forcefully from her and onto the ground beneath her feet, followed by a relieved sigh. Chloe hadn't intended to watch, but now that Sophie's light was doing such an effective job, she hadn't been able to resist sneaking a curious glance over to where the girl squatted, bare bum hanging out unashamedly. She forced herself to stop looking at Molly for the second time in half an hour and instead found herself captivated by the girl's shadow. In the dome, the shape she cast was huge, perfectly defined with every curve. Even the stream of pee coming out of her was visible in the black pattern on the willow wall. "Oh, God, that's so much better," she purred, "honestly, if we hadn't found this place I was about to just go on the pavement".

"Oh, me too," Carmen said, already hitching up her dress. "I was ready to burst!"

The sound of her own flow mingled with Molly's and for a second Chloe was alarmed; she thought that (perhaps in her drunkenness or perhaps in her desperation) Carmen had forgotten to remove her underwear before letting go. But then, on closer inspection, she realised that the girl was reaching into her pulled-up dress, between her thighs. She must have been pulling her underwear to one side to allow for quicker access. Smart, Chloe thought. I might just try that next time I need a wee in a dress. Where Molly had sighed, Carmen didn't seem to be at all shy in loudly moaning from the sensation of letting go.

There wasn't any more time to observe, though. Watching- and hearing- those two getting sweet relief had only intensified her own need to go, and Chloe got the sudden feeling that she needed to get her panties off immediately if she wanted to keep them dry. When they were safely around her ankles, the feeling was quite unique from anything else she had experienced before. Whether it was the alcohol-infused desperation, the naughtiness of going outside or the sensation of peeing in tandem with several other women, she thought it might have just been one of the most pleasurable wees of her life.

"Wow," Sophie laughed, adjusting her own clothes ready to start pushing, "sounds like you three really did have to go".

"Uh-huh" Molly said happily.

"Me too," Carmen agreed.

Chloe smiled despite herself. Watching four puddles of urine being made simultaneously on the floor of a park was an experience she hadn't expected tonight, but there was something strangely intimate about it. She felt closer to her new flatmates for it, and that was surely something to be grateful for.

When Amira suddenly appeared in one of the entrance-ways of the dome, Chloe jumped so badly that she almost fell backwards into the pool of her own wee. By that point, Molly was just finishing up, Carmen was empty and Sophie seemed content to take her time. Chloe was watching the final few drops trickle from her pussy and onto the dirt. In the bright light of Sophie's phone, she was sure that her privates were on full display to any of the other girls, but she doubted they would look and didn't think she'd care if they did.

"I bought some tissue," she said, "for wiping. Sorry, I forgot I had it until just now..."

She started handing out tissue paper, two sheets for each girl, all of whom gratefully accepted and started to wipe themselves dry. One by one, they stood, replaced their clothes in the right way and reconvened outside, where Abigail and Abbie were laughing over something the other girls hadn't heard. Behind them, Molly, Carmen, Chloe and Sophie had left enough pee to fill a bucket to the brim.

"Right, it's half eleven, almost. Let's head back now," Sophie said, "I need a poo and a glass of wine".

###

*039*2020-10-19 12:28

Here we are! Final chapter of part one. In the next part the desperation/accidents can really begin. Enjoy!

Chapter 8

Secret

"It only takes one tree

To make a thousand matches

It only takes one match

To burn a thousand trees"

- Stereophonics

By the time they got home, Sophie's need to have a poo had been forgotten, but her need to drink wine had not. She seemed to perk up the moment they walked in the door, dashing to the kitchen grab a bottle of red and offering everyone a glass. Everyone accepted except for Abigail, who claimed not to be a wine person, and Chloe, who felt quite certainly that she'd drunk enough for one night. In place of the wine, Sophie insisted that they each took a can of her cold Dr Pepper, which went down surprisingly well once the fizz had fizzled out.

They sat together back in the living room for a couple of hours. Sophie put her drum and bass music back on after a few minutes, and the conversation quickly returned to the pace it had been before they left. Chloe, for her part, saw it as an opportunity to learn a bit more about her new housemates. She found out that Carmen's family were from Seville, that (outrageously) Abbie had never been on a rollercoaster and that Molly had gone to Reading Festival in 2019 just to see Foo Fighters and then gotten so drunk that she'd passed out and missed most of their set. With the peak of her drunkenness feeling like it was in the past- thanks to the fresh air from the walk- it felt like a good time to make conversation.

Their chats were supplemented with regular trips to the bathroom to empty six bladders that seemed to fill up faster than rainwater tanks in a storm. Chloe found herself going to the loo every half an hour, both alarmed and amused by how quickly she was getting desperate for a wee. Usually Amira would accompany her on these expeditions, but sometimes Carmen or Sophie would tag along too. Abbie and Molly seemed to prefer going alone, and nobody minded leaving them be when they had to use the bathroom, which was frequent. It was on one of those toilet visits that Chloe asked Amira a question she'd had on her mind for a while.

"So, I don't want to be, y'know, insensitive or anything, but I always thought all Muslims didn't drink".

Amira laughed her ever-pure laugh again. "Most people think that. It's a personal choice, really. A lot of Muslims, like my parents, are super against alcohol. But then a lot of us see it differently. That's kind of all it is".

Chloe was on the toilet at the time, releasing her five-hundredth wee of the night into the bowl. Amira was leaning against the wall again, waiting as patiently as she could for the blonde girl to be finished.

"So what would happen if your parents found out about you getting smashed tonight?"

"I don't want to find out," Amira said seriously, "now hurry up before I wee myself all over the floor". That marked the end of the conversation.

Soon after, Chloe was really starting to feel the impact of the night. Her eyes were struggling to stay awake and, worst of all, her head was beginning to seriously hurt. She told the others this, when she could stand it no longer, and decided to call it a night.

"Do you have any painkillers?" Abbie asked, looking concerned. Chloe thought for a second and then shook her head.

"Good ones? Nah".

"There's some in my room, in a box at the bottom of my cupboard. Door's unlocked. Help yourself".

Chloe thanked her gratefully and headed out of the room, debating a trip to the bathroom to try and make sure she was empty before bed, but deciding that the effort wasn't exactly appealing. On her tired legs, the journey up to Abigail's attic bedroom felt like climbing the steps of a bell tower. On the landing she passed her own bedroom, then Molly's, door still wide open; Amira's, Carmen's, with a red bracelet hanging from the doorknob. Then it was onto the second set of stairs, this one even steeper and narrower than the last. At the top stood a white door left just a crack open. There, feeling relieved to be on flatter ground once again, Chloe pushed through it and into Abbie's room.

The bright light inside left nothing to the imagination, and Chloe's first thought was that the room was not at all what she had expected. While the overwhelming majority of her interactions with Abbie that day had consisted of biting sarcasm or ironic laughter, the place where the girl lived was light, even a little bit childlike. A pea-green throw over the double bed matched the pillowcases. There was a rug in the centre of the wooden floor, a half-open closet and a desk like the one in Chloe's room. On the desk were family photos, bottles of perfume and absolutely nothing related to university. In one corner, on a small table, sat a glowing tank of water. Chloe was drawn to it like a moth to a lamp; inside, a handful of golden fish swam happily in and out of the rocks.

It took a few seconds for her to remember why she was there. She dragged herself away from gazing at the fish and headed towards the closet, which looked identical to Chloe's except for the fact that it was far fuller. Flicking through the clothes revealed a very un-Abbie selection, at least to her mind: dresses, skirts, nothing that looked much like the dungarees she'd worn that day. It looked like she had a more girlish side after all. Chloe found vests, belts, tights, at least half of it in green... but no painkillers. Quickly, she got frustrated. Where were they? There was no good reason for Abbie to lie, and yet there was nothing in here that even looked like it might contain any sort of medication. Then, head aching worse than ever, she remembered what the girl had said- it was in a box right at the bottom. Of course! She scolded herself for being so stupid and squatted down to examine the base of the closet.

Reaching in, fumbling in the darkness, her hand touched something soft and plastic. It didn't feel much like a box at all, but she closed her fingers around it anyway and pulled. The object came out easily and she held it in both hands without thinking. It was about the size of a laptop, but softer and thicker, and it was indeed wrapped in a thin plastic packaging. She blinked at it. For a second she wasn't sure what she was looking at. A mixture of darkness and drunkenness made reading the branding difficult, but there was no mistaking the logo at the top. She'd seen it before, in TV adverts, at pharmacies or on the internet: Tena. That was more than enough for Chloe. She hastily replaced the package, hoping that Abbie wouldn't notice that it'd been tampered with. And yet... why send her up here, to her room, if something so private was so readily on display? Had Abbie wanted her to find it? No- that was insane.

Before the temptation to take the package back and read exactly what it was became too strong, her eyes fell upon the small box tucked away against one inside wall of the closet. Chloe extracted it and took it over to the bed to sort through. When she sat down, an unexpected noise took her by surprise- a definite crinkling sound from beneath. She froze up. Waited. Shifted her weight, and there it was again: the same noise, quiet but certainly real. Another bounce on the bed confirmed it. There was some kind of plastic cover beneath the mattress. No amount of booze in the world could change the fact that Chloe was smart enough to know exactly what she was discovering about Abigail tonight.

Another throbbing pain in her head reminded her why she'd come up here in the first place. She'd invaded Abigail's privacy long enough, and now she needed to open the box, get the drugs and get out of there. There were drugs inside, alright, but it took Chloe about three seconds to deduce that none of them were ibuprofen. There was what looked exactly like marijuana, a small bag of white powder and another plastic zip-up holding five identical brown pills, as well as a few objects she didn't recognise. Staring in disbelief at this Class-A combination, Chloe finally understood.

She gently lay the open box down by the side of her bed and stood up. The green, the fish tank, the girly clothes- all of it was starting to make sense now. A closer examination of the photographs on the desk confirmed her suspicions. She saw a few faces multiple times- what she guessed were parents, siblings, maybe cousins. Not only were none of them Abigail, but all of them were white. And there, in just one of the photos, was a young girl with a toothy grin sitting between what looked like her mum and dad. The picture had to be at least ten years old, but that kid had most certainly grown up to be the girl who owned the drugs on the bed, the girl to whom the Tena products belonged... the girl sitting downstairs right now drinking wine.

This wasn't Abigail's room at all.

Chloe felt her chest tighten. She hurried back towards the open box, locked it back tight and replaced it exactly as she had found it. Feeling like a criminal fleeing the scene, she took a few seconds to try and make sure that the room looked as it had before she'd entered, even adjusting the angle of the cupboard doors slightly. By the time she slipped out of the room, the Ibuprofen was completely forgotten. Instead, panicking irrationally that someone might catch her, she raced down the stairs and back onto the first floor landing. The air was marginally easier to breathe down there. Her relief, though, was cut short by the sound of creaking footsteps.

Amira was coming up the stairs, grasping the bannister tightly as if it was the only thing keeping her upright. She broke into a tired smile when she saw Chloe, half-lidded eyes retaining almost all of their sparkle despite her exhaustion.

"I think it's sleepy time for me," she slurred, pulling Chloe into a hug. For a second she leant her head heavily on Chloe's shoulder, but Chloe hugged her back, grateful for a reason not to think about what she'd just found.

"Me too, mate," Chloe said, "I should probably brush my teeth but I really can't be arsed". Amira chucked, and Chloe felt her forehead bounce against her neck with the motion.

"One night off won't make them fall out," Amira said. She uprighted herself out of the hug, overbalanced and just about caught herself on the railing. There, Chloe flattened herself against the wall to make room for the other girl to squeeze past her.

"Night, mate," Chloe called as she disappeared.

Amira didn't even look back as she stumbled into her bedroom. "Sleep well," she mumbled. The door shut behind her.

When she was gone, Chloe headed to bed as well, feeling even more overcome by tiredness and intoxication. Locking her door from the inside, she kicked off her shoes and started to undress. One by one, every article of clothing met the same fate: joining a pile on the floor that became the first blot on what had only been a tidy room for the best part of twelve hours. Last came the bra and matching panties, which she knew would need to go in the wash to ensure that the few pee stains she'd accumulated over the course of the night would come out. For a moment she could only gaze in the mirror, examining her naked body. She knew she'd never be happy with what she saw, no matter how much weight she lost or how big her breasts grew. But for now, in her drunkenness, she thought for the first time in a long time that it wasn't half bad.

The last rational part of her mind left put a blunt end to those thoughts. This was not the time for introspection. Instead, she flicked off the light and climbed into bed, feeling safer under the thick duvet. She could still hear the bass of Sophie's music from downstairs. Sophie. The poor girl had only lived there a few days and already Chloe had accidentally uncovered what she imagined was a very intimate and embarrassing secret. An immense sense of guilt refused to go away- she'd invaded her friend's privacy and now she could never un-see it.

But her tiredness was stronger than her guilt, and within a few moments she was lost in a sleep as deep as an ocean.

*042*2020-10-23 18:30

Time for Part 2 to begin! This is going to be a huge shift in the series as we move away from set-up and into the bulk of the story. Chloe was the perfect character to introduce us to the series because she's basically me if I was a cis woman, but from now on we'll get to explore all the characters in (hopefully) equal depth. Thanks again to everyone who's left any feedback so far, and especially to those of you who read every chapter, it still blows my mind that people enjoy it so much. Let's go!

###

Part 2

Half a Dozen Mornings

"And I'm looking in the mirror all the time

Wondering what she don't see in me"

- Rick Springfield

"We all know that crude affection

Stokes the fires of your self-worth"

- Felix Hagan and the Family

Chapter One

Minor Victory

"Suddenly between sheets and eyelids

I am reminded why I don't do this"

- The Format

Sophie's eyes opened all at once. The room was flooded with light, illuminated better by the sun than any bulb could ever manage, and scarily silent. For a few seconds she couldn't understand why she wasn't in her bed at home- but then her senses set in, and she remembered that she lived here now, in this attic with a single window and a two-floor climb down to the only exit. There were no signs, yet, of the hangover that she knew was going to hit her... probably in the next few minutes.

Sophie knew this routine well after countless mornings after: phone, purse, keys. Priority number one was to check she still had all three, then she could relax. Except you can't relax for too long, 'cause soon you'll be emptying your guts out one end or the other, she reminded herself. A glance at her desk showed that the latter two items were exactly where she'd left them. She remembered going out on a walk the previous night, and something to do with a park, but they must've used someone else's keys to get back in. Abbie's, she thought. Her phone sat in the same spot she'd kept it for years- between the pillow and the edge of the bed. A quick check told her that it was almost half past ten, which, judging by the blue sky outside, was more or less what she'd expected.

As soon as she was awake enough, Sophie realised that her bladder felt heavy and full to the brim. This was usually a very good sign. Rolling over as much as she dared, she reached out with one arm and gingerly felt the sheets with the back of her hand.

Bone dry.

In that moment she could've punched the air, elated to realise that she'd gone five nights without an accident since arriving at the start of the week. Thinking back, it was hard to remember the last time she'd had five dry nights in a row. She'd been sure that last night would be the one where it all came crashing down, sure that the alcohol would do her in, but no. She'd woken up in time again.

And, by the feel of it, she'd woken up just in time. Another ten minutes of booze-induced slumber would certainly have proven too long, and then the plastic mattress cover she'd told herself was only for emergencies would've gotten a real soaking. She knew that this wasn't permanent, wasn't foolish enough to even hope that she was magically mended. At some point she would have to face the stark reality of the walk downstairs clutching a bundle of soaked bedding for the washing machine. But not today, she thought triumphantly.

That triumph was short-lived when another aching pain struck out from her bladder. On a better morning she'd lie in bed until she felt awake, maybe even go back to sleep for a few hours. Try as she might, though, that clearly wouldn't be an option now- at least not unless she wanted this to be the first morning she'd ever wet the bed while awake. Still waking up, she ran two fingers up her neat labia. They came away wet. Sophie held them up to her fingers and sniffed. Warm, clear... definitely pee, despite what she'd hoped. She hadn't wet the bed, but that didn't mean her tightly-clenched muscles had been completely impenetrable. Well, she supposed, you can't win them all.

All the more reason to get a move on, then. She leapt out of bed as fast as her groggy bones would allow, still buzzing despite her urgent situation from the victory of her dry night. It wasn't just her bladder feeling bloated, either; the queasiness in her belly that always followed a heavy night was starting to set in. Even then she took a moment to glance in her bedroom mirror. As naked as the day she was born, just like she had slept every night for six or seven years... but she couldn't look much more different. The puppy fat she'd had in her younger years was gone and she'd sprouted up a good foot (or two). Then there were her breasts, hanging there uselessly, at least to her eyes. They were big enough, but she still wished they'd be a little more even- and yet beggars couldn't be choosers, and Sophie had always felt that with a bum like hers she was certainly a beggar- no matter how many people told her otherwise.

Still, no time for that now. Sophie needed to get to the bathroom sharpish, and she knew she had to account for the long walk. Looking around her room, though, she couldn't see any clothes. What was she supposed to make of that? Had she drunkenly packed them away before crawling into bed? Were they under the bed? If so there was no chance she'd be able to retrieve them without the constriction of her bladder causing a flood. Thinking for too long was dangerous under this kind of time pressure. She opened her closet, ignoring the part of her brain that wondered aimlessly if it had been more open than she'd left it yesterday, and reached in. The first thing she found was a slightly oversized t-shirt she sometimes liked to use in lieu of pyjamas. She pulled it out and held it up, a thin, pea-green thing that needed an iron. It barely covered her pussy and definitely didn't cover her bum, but desperate times called for desperate measures- it would have to do.

For a brief, mad moment, she considered unpacking one of the Tena pull-ups in the bottom of the closet and slipping into it. She dismissed the lazy thought almost immediately, for two reasons: first, the pain in her bladder told her that this was a wee of a magnitude that the pull-up probably wouldn't contain. Secondly, though, and more importantly, those pull-ups were for emergencies only. This didn't qualify as an emergency, since she was confident she could still make it if she acted fast. The more she wasted these, the faster she'd have to face the humiliating prospect of going to buy more.

So she abandoned the pull-up idea and pulled on the t-shirt. It was worse than she'd expected: when she stood up straight, everything below the waist was clearly visible and her hard little nipples poked through the cloth. A rumble in her belly told her that there was no more time to waste upstairs. She wasn't particularly worried about being seen half-nude. They still had all year to live together- the girls were going to have to deal with her bits.

Her bum was clenched tightly as she began her descent down the first set of stairs, litres of pee sloshing every which way in her bladder. Each step was like a battering ram inside her sphincter, trying to break through, but she held firm. She passed Carmen's room, Amira's, Molly's, then Chloe's. All four doors were closed. That didn't tell her if they were awake or not, but she had to hope nobody was in the bathroom when she got downstairs, or she'd be in serious trouble. The second flight of steps was even tricker than the last. Sophie badly wanted to fart, but didn't dare risk it. She'd had her fair share of little sharting accidents in the past, especially after a big night, and with nothing covering her bottoms she knew it would be too dangerous to let one rip here.

It was a relief to feel her bare feet hit the bottom of the stairs, but nothing compared to the kinds of relief she was seeking. The wide-open living room door gave her a sneak peek of the mess they'd have to clear up later: bottles strewn over the coffee table, a half-rolled joint, forgotten jackets on the seats. She couldn't dwell on that now. Instead, Sophie staggered down the corridor towards the only bathroom. In her head, she said a tiny prayer to whatever Gods might be listening that she'd round the corner to the sight of an open door. Since she was a kid being potty-trained, she'd been taught to listen to your body. Well, she was listening to her body now, and it was telling her that she would have an accident if she wasn't sat on the loo within the next thirty seconds.

Mercifully, she was met with a wide-open door and nothing between her and the dim bathroom. The kitchen, like everywhere else in the house apart from the bedrooms, was empty. Here there was more stuff that was going to need tidying before the day was up, and yet again she ignored it out of necessity. Blonde hair flowing messily behind her head, Sophie hobbled in. Before she sat down, though, she paused to do something she would never normally bother with- she shut the door all the way. She'd had enough morning-after bathroom experiences to know that this had the potential to be loud and she didn't want to wake anyone up.

Thighs pressed tightly together, she sat quickly and finally released the hold she'd barely been maintaining on her bladder. Urine streamed hotly out of her and tinkled into the water below, echoing self-consciously. She moaned in relief, hearing for the first time the throaty voice she'd been left with overnight. Her eyes rolled back, blinked, then closed completely, soaking in the luscious pleasure of her bladder emptying at last. They opened to the sight of herself in the long mirror, looking every bit as fresh out of bed as she felt. Sophie opened her thighs, enjoying the sight of her privates gushing like a faucet between those pale thighs. If she pushed a little harder, the stream intensified, and when she relaxed it returned to the more leisurely pace.

When, sooner than she'd expected, the tap finally ran dry, she bore down to try and start cleansing herself at the other end. Her belly felt full, but she knew that it wouldn't stay that way for long. It started with a fierce fart, rumbling like thunder below her. Boyfriends she'd had in the past had sometimes expressed surprise (or even mild disgust) that a fart like that could come out of someone so thin and pretty, and she'd always laughed and told them that it was only the tip of the iceberg. That was one of the things she found easier about being with women- they were never shocked to find out that she pooped, and they usually still wanted to do her afterwards. She'd always been a gassy girl, and there didn't seem to be a lot she could do about it.

Gas, though, seemed to be all she had this morning. Sophie frowned and sat up a little straighter. No matter how hard she pushed, no solids seemed likely to make an appearance down there, and the nauseous pain in her belly didn't want to quieten. In fact, it felt like she was feeling more ill. She tore away a strip of toilet paper and wiped, just to check. It came away a swampy brown colour, but certainly not the deep shade it would be if there was any poo ready to come out. In spite of her gassiness, she didn't need to shit. Which could only mean-

It came over her suddenly: the realisation that she was going to be sick. Sophie whirled around, kneeled over the bowl and grimaced in preparation.

This wasn't her first rodeo.

But it's still gonna suck, her brain said quietly.

*045*2020-10-27 13:32

Chapter Two

Phone Call

"I'm flipping with a coin

That's got a tail on either side"

- The Feeling

If Chloe could pick any way to wake up with a hangover, a phone call from her mother would have been incredibly low down on her list.

For a brief moment, the line between sleep and waking blurred precariously. She'd been dreaming something bizarre, although the details were already hazy in her memory. In the dream, Chloe had been back in Southampton. But Amira had been there, and Abigail, and (for some reason) one of the boys she'd dated in her last year of college. The four of them had been out in the city, sitting- in all places- in the Subway store near the train station, surrounded by faces she didn't recognise. Chloe's dreams were always like this: weird combinations of people and places that didn't make a jot of sense, but never grew outlandish enough to snap her out of it. When loud, beeping music started playing as if blasted from the clouds themselves, fading in and building like an avalanche, Chloe didn't question it. It was the kind of thing that happened all the time in her sleeping mind.

Suddenly, through the crowd, another face appeared between shoulder-blades and tangles of locks. It was a pale, thin face, framed by platinum blonde hair. Round eyes looked straight at Chloe. She knew this face, although she'd only known it for less than a day.

"You won't tell anyone, will you?" said dream-Sophie.

The music crescendoed, erupting into drums and synthesisers and bass guitar. The dream evaporating, her eyes snapped open. There she was, of course, in a sweaty bed somewhere in Fallowfield, two-hundred miles from home. She identified the song immediately now. It was hard not to, seeing as not a month had gone by without Chloe hearing it since it had been released well over a decade ago- The Feeling's Love it When You Call, the track that had been the ringtone her phone used for her mum for years. Chloe groaned rather outwardly. She loved her mum very much, of course, but she was barely awake, hungover and disorientated. It wasn't the ideal time for a conversation kicked off by loud rock music. And she really needed a poo.

Even after the wildest of nights, it was extremely rare for Chloe to wake up and immediately realise she had to go to the toilet. Usually, the urge would come on around half an hour after getting up, and even then it was almost never an emergency, and she would have plenty of time to get to the bathroom at her own pace. When she was safely sat on the porcelain throne, her morning-after dumps were reliably enormous... but not often desperate. This morning was one of those dreaded occasions where she instead knew right from the get-go that she needed to get to the loo as soon as possible. Her bowels felt full and heavy as stone, cramping uncomfortably. Her natural reflexes kicked in and she clenched her bum a little tighter. This really was a bad time for a social call.

Nonetheless, she didn't want to keep the woman waiting, so she reached for her phone. It was the only real source of light in an otherwise-dim room, proudly displaying her wallpaper- a photo of herself standing in front of the Giraffes at Chessington World of Adventures- and the time, which was exactly ten-thirty in the morning. Hoping that nobody had been stirred by her ringtone, she swiped across and held it up to her ear, propping herself up on one aching elbow.

"Hi, mum," she said, trying to hide the tiredness from her voice.

"Morning! Big night?" her mum said cheerfully. Knowing her, she'd been awake for at least four hours, and it showed in her tone.

Chloe stifled a yawn with her free hand. "Yeah, it was good. Nothing too crazy". This, at least, wasn't exactly a lie. There had been no hard drugs, no sex and nobody had cried (at least, as far as she remembered). To her that constituted a relatively ordinary evening.

Already, she was in a hurry to get to the crux of the conversation. The position she was in, lying on her side with her legs folded behind her, only intensified her need to poop. It was too quiet for her mum to detect, but Chloe could hear the way her belly gurgled ominously beneath the duvet. She just about felt it vibrating inside of her. In Chloe's experience, that tended to mean something dangerous was brewing. The painful sensation was growing steadily. Instinctively, her hand fell away from her mouth and snaked underneath the covers, sliding over her bare thigh and resting on her right buttcheek. Ever since she was a little girl, this had been Chloe's go-to technique for helping to hold in an urgent poo. Her slender fingers spread across the cheek, with her thumb resting shy of her hip and her pinky finger slotting just inside the crack, and started to rhythmically squeeze and release. At first, the massage was slow, calm... but she knew that wouldn't last long.

"Good, good," her mum replied, one of her favourite phrases that really didn't mean anything, "got any plans for the day?"

Chloe searched her brains for a decent answer. Did she have any plans for the day? Nothing came to mind. Usually after drinking a lot her plans for the day boiled down to recover. That was unlikely to satisfy a single mother who worked as a schoolteacher and hadn't been to a party since the nineties, however.

"Oh, you know, just settling-in stuff," Chloe managed eventually.

"You could go to the library? Get a head-start on studying?"

"Yeah, maybe". Chloe didn't see the point in explaining to her mum that going to the library on the second day of term- a Sunday, no less- was just about the last thing she wanted to do, even if she wasn't hungover to high hell. She was starting to get frustrated now. It was unfair, she knew- her mum didn't have any reason to know that Chloe had just woken up, or that she urgently wanted a poo, but she had always needed to feel annoyed at someone when the stress was building up. Her right hand was still squeezing her buttock, but it had sped up to walking pace without her consent, and her toes had started their usual desperate wiggling. Her bowels weren't letting up. The coffee and booze from yesterday were surely the culprits. They wanted out.

"Anyway," her mum continued, "it's Grandma's birthday next week, so remember to post her something".

Chloe swore in her head. She'd completely forgotten, although that was mainly because she usually just jumped on Moonpig a few days in advance and ordered some flowers and a card. No time to think about that now, anyway. It would have to wait until a moment, hopefully in the not-so-distant future, when she wasn't dying to have a crap. "Yeah, I'll get her something," she said dismissively.

"So, how's the room?"

"Uh, it's nice," Chloe said, eyes still half-closed, "smaller than the room last year, but a bit bigger than my one at home".

"Is it warm enough?" she asked. Such a mum question, Chloe thought.

"Yeah, it's got a decent radiator". That was true, too; Chloe had left the heating on a little too high the previous night, hence the sweaty damp of her sheets that she knew she'd have to wash later.

"And what about the other girls, are they nice?"

"I think so," she said, "we all got on really well last night". By now the hand holding her bum wasn't squeezing so much as it was frantically flapping, trying anything to relieve some of the pressure. She felt a sudden compulsion to fart that she knew would not be held back. She paused her desperate squishing, used the hand to spread her cheeks apart and let it rip, a muffled, gassy sound that she really hoped her mum couldn't hear. The hot, smelly air blew past her fingers and warmed her skin. Then it was back to the squeezing, a fleshy clapping noise beneath the blankets.

Chloe couldn't remember needing to go this badly in years, nor could she recall the last time an urge had overwhelmed her so quickly. While she usually didn't have too long between the first signs of needing a wee and reaching the point of desperation, Chloe was usually afforded a lot more time to find a toilet when she had to go number two. Even some of her closer calls had taken place hours after she first realised she had to have a poo. This morning, though, she'd barely been awake for one minute and already felt like she was approaching an accident.

It reminded her, rather worryingly, of the only time she'd messed herself in her teenage years. That had also been a chemical-induced nightmare, but those chemicals had been laxatives rather than spirits. After almost a week of sitting, straining and producing no more than a couple of hard little pebbles, her mum had brightly suggested that she try Ex-Lax. The first dosage had done, at least to Chloe's mind, the sum total of absolutely nothing. The morning after taking it, she still couldn't poop and was still in pain. So, in her frustration, she'd taken the same amount again before school that day, reasoning that nothing could be worse than the constipation she'd endured. She had been wrong.

Both doses had hit her all at once right at the end of the day, as they were standing behind their chairs waiting for the teacher to dismiss them from their final class. She'd been struck with the most intense stomach cramps she'd ever experienced, coupled with a weak feeling in her knees and the sudden understanding of what was about to happen. In denial, she'd turned and fled from the room, ignoring her teacher's confused calls, and hurried down the stairs so fast it was a miracle she didn't trip.

Just a few feet from the bathroom door, Chloe had shit herself so completely that there had been a small stain left on the carpet that, to her knowledge, was still there to this day. She'd gotten away with that accident by hiding out in the bathroom until all the kids had gone home, leaving her ruined underwear in the bowl, wiping down her legs as well as possible with loo roll and walking for an hour to get home, careful to steer well wide of anyone who might smell her shame on her skin. By the time she'd gotten back to her empty house, she was on the verge of a second accident.

Now, lying there naked in the overheated bedroom, Chloe didn't feel very far at all away from the feelings she'd known that day. She looked down, by now completely tuning out what her mum was saying. Until then, Chloe hadn't realised how heavily she was breathing. Her chest heaved, breasts bouncing, nipples erect and prickly. She felt another fart come on and had no choice but to let it happen. It was completely silent. Nothing but hot air. Again, it warmed her pinky on the way out. Chloe did something she'd never do in front of another person- she held up the little finger to her nose and sniffed. It was undeniably the smell of a fart that would be followed very shortly by something solid, just as the lack of noise had made her suspect.

But that had been Chloe's big mistake. In removing her hand from her bum, even for just a brief moment, she'd removed the stimulus that was helping her hold. In the absence of the constant, frenetic squeezing and releasing, there was nothing stopping her bowels from making their move.

Chloe's eyes went wide when she felt the first log start to move towards the exit. It was like a bowling ball was dropping down her insides, knocking at the back door. Her tight anus began to stretch in anticipation. Her hand flew down towards her cheek and started squeezing again, this time harder and faster than before, but it was too late. The damage had been done. She dared to cautiously probe her hole with one finger and detected something hard and thick just beneath the surface. If she didn't act fast, she'd be poking out within seconds.

"Chloe? Are you there?"

Chloe blinked. In her desperation she'd completely forgotten about her mum.

"Yeah, mum, sorry. Listen, can I call you back? I'm bursting for the loo," she said, not seeing the point in wasting time trying to think up a fake excuse.

"Oh, of course! When you've got to go, hey?"

"Thanks mum, talk soon!" Chloe wasted no time in hanging up the phone, cheeks burning. She got out of bed as fast as she dared, looking around for clothes that she wouldn't have to squeeze into. Jeans were out of the question- too tight. Jiggling on the spot to keep everything held in place as long as she could, she went to her cupboard and dug out her favourite pair of grey sweatpants. They were lazy pants, lounging-around-the-house pants. Perfect. Chloe slipped into them, feeling those dreadfully familiar cramps once more. The room stunk of farts already. She caught a glimpse of her reflection, a messy-haired girl with nothing at all covering her top half, boobs on full display. It would have to do.

Still clutching her bum in desperation, Chloe opened the door and stepped out onto the landing.

*048*2020-10-27 17:49

{{1 minute ago, MiraOMO said:

Best chapter yet!! SO GOOD

}}

Really? Why's that if you don't mind me asking?

