Summer Reunion

Author: Noot

*004*2020-06-28 00:31

Here's the next part, and again, thanks to the moderators for checking and approving it! Enjoy!

###

Tessa hated to admit it, but she needed a wee badly. She knew she should have gone before she got on the plane. It was too late now.

She shifted uncomfortably in the back of the Uber, trying to find the position that best took her mind off of her need to urinate. Just a few more minutes and she would be at the restaurant where she was meeting her old friends, and soon she'd be asking them how their year had been with a nice, empty bladder. The pee-shy young woman wasn't looking forward to telling them that she needed to visit the ladies' room urgently, but it was far preferable to ruining her skirt. Of course, the grown-up thing would have been to use the loo back in Southampton, before boarding the aircraft. But she hadn't needed to go then. It had all come on so suddenly.

Tessa thought back through the day to try and figure out where everything had gone so badly wrong. She'd been to the toilet upon waking up- of course she had. Tessa always made sure to use the loo in the morning. It was a habit ingrained in her since her accident-prone teenage years, and that time period was a big part of what had made her so keen on emptying her bladder whenever she got a good opportunity.

For a fleeting moment, Tessa's brain flashed back through some of her most humiliating moments- wetting herself at the family dinner table at Christmas ten years ago, leaking in her first ever job interview, flooding her Halloween costume back in 2011 (her Power Ranger suit had been bright yellow on the top and dark yellow on the bottoms for an hour). She'd managed without so much as a drop of her urine going anywhere but a toilet (or a particularly nice shower) for more than seven years now, thanks to her determined diligence in the bathroom department, and Tessa didn't intend to break that streak now.

Her driver didn't speak much English, but she remembered enough French to get by for the short trip from the airport to Jamie's family summer house. They were very lucky, Tessa thought, that his parents didn't have time to visit it this year. She didn't feel quite so lucky that she'd forgotten to have what she called a 'Try Sit' before leaving the airport. A Try Sit was Tessa's phrase for the moments she spent sat on the toilet, often fruitlessly, making sure her body was empty before going to bed or heading on a long journey. The Try Sit philosophy happened to be a big part of what had kept Tessa Rhodes' panties dry for the previous third of her life, and today was not a good day to lose that record. These were five of the closest mates she'd ever had, and turning up in saturated underwear wasn't a good impression to make on them.

With that in mind, Tessa decided to look at the scenery to keep her mind off the desperation that consumed her lower body. There was an old church, vines crawling upwards like tentacles. A willow tree with sweeping branches hanging low and wide. A river, rapidly flowing downhill in gushes of white and blue. She'd always been the type to stare out of the window on long car journeys- hang on, was that a river?

A glimpse of fast-flowing water was the last thing Tessa's body needed. Her bladder ached with the weight of the pee she'd held since late the night before, almost eighteen hours ago. She hadn't needed to relieve herself upon waking up, nor had she felt anything down there while checking in at the airport, and her body hadn't warned her of any impending toilet-related emergency during the entire plane journey. It was only once her ride was already on it's way to the car park that the urge to have a wee had piped up and she'd realised that a visit to the bathroom demanded to be high on her agenda.

At least you're going to a restaurant, she reasoned. A restaurant is sure to have toilets you can use. But in the back of her mind Tessa knew that that situation still wasn't ideal- it meant she would need to admit to her friends that she needed to go, even if she could think of some excuse, and she'd always hated people knowing when she had to visit the little girl's room. It was embarrassing to her. It made her feel like she lacked control over her body. Suddenly, though, she realised that it was too late to plan- to her left was a blue canopy with the label Le Désespoir. Her Uber had reached the restaurant sooner than expected. Still expertly hiding her urge to go, as always, Tessa stepped out of the Uber, thanking the driver in French as she shut the door.

There was a young man waiting for her outside of the door, and she immediately recognised him as Jamie Wilson. He hadn't changed one bit. Long hair still flowed down his neck, held back by a rudimentary metal headband. He donned a purple T-shirt that Tessa's brain knew well from their evenings the previous summer. Dark blue shorts covered his thighs, presumably the fewest clothes he could get away with in the August heat. Jamie was grinning, as per usual, from ear to ear. He greeted her with a bear hug and a smile- the default Jamie Wilson welcome.

"How was your trip?" He asked, positively bouncing as he began walking Tessa towards the door.

"It was... really great, actually", she replied. "I could have got out of bed two hours ago and still made it here on time".

"We could all be so lucky", said Jamie wryly. He led her into the restaurant and down a narrow corridor. Out of nowhere, Tessa felt nervous.

"Is everyone else here already?", she asked, unsure what answer she would prefer as they halted next to a brown door. Behind that inch of wood could be some or all of the people she'd missed for the last year.

"Yep, everyone" replied Jamie. "Your flight got in latest, and Ayo was first. He arrived around an hour ago". He looked at her closely before he asked "Ready?".

Only in that moment did Tessa realise she wasn't ready at all. Her bladder still throbbed with need, almost begging for relief. In the excitement of seeing her friends again, she'd completely forgotten how badly she needed to be empty. She wasn't about to walk into the room with her legs crossed like a pretzel and her knees bobbing to keep the wee in.

"Actually, I'm gonna go and freshen up first. I'll see you in there!" Jamie nodded and slipped into the room as Tessa headed further down the corridor to the room marked with an icon of a lady crossing her legs that would probably be funny to a less desperate person. Fortunately for her, every stall was empty, and she made a dash for the nearest one. After a fumble with the lock that Tessa eventually won, she was left to wrestle with the button of her skirt before her bladder protested and started squirting of its own accord. By some minor miracle, it didn't come to that and her panties were around her knees before her urgent need to wee won the battle.

Tessa's thighs hit the toilet seat a moment before two pints of pale yellow fluid began to rush out of her, reminding her of the river she'd passed in the car just a few minutes earlier. She felt a lot like that river, an unstoppable force of powerful liquid that wouldn't be held back as it gushed from one place to another. Only in her case, the places were her crotch and the toilet bowl. Smiling despite herself, eyes closing involuntarily, she let out a little noise of relief, satisfied that she was the only person in the room to hear it. The wee kept coming for a long time, almost telling her hey, you shouldn't be holding me in that long please. But she hadn't meant to. It'd been a surprise to get so busting so quickly, and Tessa was just glad to have made it completely dry.

Feeling far better, she reached to the side of the stall and tore off the first two bits of toilet paper to dry with. Her private area felt incredible as she began to wipe, the familiar aftermath of an unbelievably relieving wee still tingling from her ankles to her spine. Tessa had never been a big wiper; she was done within four bits of loo roll, and pulled her skirt back up to wash her hands promptly. She knew there wasn't much time to waste. The last thing her toilet-shy mind could handle was if her friends suspected she'd needed a number two as well, she reflected as she washed her hands.

But there was nothing to worry about. She'd made it to the loo bone-dry, in good time, as per usual. This had been a closer call than she was used to, and not for the first time her mind harked back to the day she'd been texted by Jamie about this whole reunion on a hot July day. She'd needed to have a wee that day too, but not nearly as badly, and she'd eventually made it home without coming too close to an accident. Today had been closer. Much closer. Too close. Tessa Rhodes was a professional adult woman, and she was simply too old for accidents, thank you very much.

None of that mattered anymore, she told herself, as she stood outside of the brown door with a palm on the silver handle. Tessa was suddenly acutely aware that she was a few inches from reconnecting with the cast of the most important summer of her life. And yet doubt flooded her mind. What if everyone had changed? What if they weren't the people she'd loved and cherished and thought about for the last year? Or worse, what if they'd matured and evolved beyond her capabilities? What if she'd been left behind by the growth of her friends?

Tessa leaned into the door. On the other side she heard laugher, a man's voice she recognised as Kevin's, a soft drinks' can crackling open, a female Australian accent. The familiar sounds calmed her anxiety as she prepared to see everyone for the first time since the previous August.

No time like the present, she thought.

At least I didn't piss myself, she thought.

Here we go, she thought.

Tessa opened the door.

*007*2020-06-28 23:54

{{20 hours ago, Manticore said:

Very good so far - there's something here for everyone! Looking forward to seeing what happens now everyone's together again

}}

{{19 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

I am so loving this story it is so very good

}}

Thank you both! Having something for everyone is definitely the way I want to write this story, because it symbolises the diversity within groups like the one these characters are part of. I hope to find the time to expand more on the characters while also keeping the core the focus on the omo.

###

In the moment Tessa opened that door, every forgotten memory came back to her at once. It was as though she was stepping through a portal in time, transporting her back one year with surgical precision, rather than a wooden doorway in a French bistro. The private room was modestly sized, but smartly decorated, with a smooth mahogany table playing centrepiece. Around it, gathered as though they'd never been apart, were the five people she'd waited so long to see again.

Kevin Myung sat to her right, nearest to the door. He was perched on the edge of a leather armchair, leaning forward as though he was expecting the cushion to combust at any moment, his eyes bright and lively. There was Ayo, sitting slightly apart from the others, relaxed and straight-backed in his seat and wearing a warm smile. He was also wearing glasses, which Tessa thought looked like the very same pair he'd worn the day they'd first met. Dressed in a sweater and dark jeans, he resembled a young businessman stopping off for a cup of coffee after work, which was pretty close to how Ayo always looked.

There was a sofa at the back of the cosy room, with wrinkled brown cushions that reminded Tessa of her grandma's old living room. On it sat Jamie next to Zoe Johnson, who was beaming with a drink in one hand and giggling at something her seatmate had just said. She hadn't changed one bit, her emerald eyes bouncing as that beautiful laugh lit up the room. The sofa was plenty big enough to accommodate three adults, but they were sitting inches from each other.

Finally, there was Mark, who was the only one that Tessa thought had changed much at all. He'd come a long way since their last meeting, and his hair had been neatly cut and dyed- she might not have recognised him if he wasn't wearing the same inimitable expression as always, one she'd never known anyone else to carry. His face was determined, almost coy, but if you scratched the surface you could tell he was probably thinking about his art, off in a different world. She'd caught them mid-laugh, and even Mark had cracked a smile. That's how you know it's a good joke, she thought silently.

The world stopped while five heads turned as one to watch Tessa step into the room. Only then did she realise how different she must look to them- her hair, which had been long and curly for most of her life, was now tied neatly back into a tight bun. She'd switched her favoured make-up for the subtler touches that were more accepted in the harshly-ruled, masculine business world. Even her clothes were smarter than she'd ever bothered with in her youth, her blouse buttoned tidily and tucked into a black skirt. Tessa understood all at once- she'd spent so long wondering how her friends had changed, she'd ignored the fact that she may just have changed more than any of them.

After a few seconds, it was Kevin who broke the silence.

"Jamie, you didn't tell me there was a dress code", he smirked. For a moment Tessa was speechless. But then she remembered the company she was in. She found her voice.

"He must have known you only own one T-shirt, Kevin" came her retort, and the room erupted with fresh laughter. Kevin's laugh carried loudest of all, and he was the first to rise and welcome her with a hug. It felt incredible to be in the room with them all, and she thought back to the day they'd parted at the end of their summer the previous year. She'd spent days wondering back then if she'd ever hug any of them again; now she had her answer.

Once the greetings were exchanged, everyone took back their seats, with Tessa pulling up a chair beside Mark on the left of the room. The atmosphere couldn't have been further from awkward- in an instant it was as if they'd been here the whole time, laughing and teasing each other endlessly as the sun rose and set three-hundred times over from outside the window. Ayo looked her in the eyes in the calming way he always managed as he spoke.

"So Tessa, what have you been doing this year?" he asked, his voice heavy with sincerity. Her first reflex to such a question would ordinarily have been to talk about her work, her successes, her triumphs despite everything that always went against her. And yet in the moment that all felt so unimportant. Tessa felt as though she'd rather hear about Mark's art, Zoe's famous hangover stories, Ayo's little sisters- anything would make her happier than to think about her job for the next few days. So she gave him a different reply, still honest, but far less tedious.

"Missing you guys, mostly", she smiled, and another delicious wave of laughter rang in her ears. It was like coming home, even though she'd left her actual home that morning. They spoke for a while about the things they'd missed, with Tessa eager to listen to everyone; the others had been in the restaurant longer than herself and were already caught up with most of the major happenings in each other's lives. Jamie told her about his new job in the city, which he spoke of with the sort of contempt he usually reserved for serial killers and his younger brother.

Ayo gushed about Anwi's new school (his siblings were just about the only topic that tempted the usually-reserved man to be talkative for more than a few minutes) and Kevin talked her through his new Boston apartment. She felt an immense swelling of pride in hearing of the positive changes they had each made, and almost cried with laughter as Zoe described her friend Michelle's hair-brained scheme to get into a Melbourne nightclub for free by flirting with the bouncers on a particularly drunken night. Tessa was sure she would struggle to imagine a better feeling than the one she got from being reunited with her friends at last.

It'd been half an hour since they'd finished their meals when Zoe became the first one to rise.

"Well, if you'll excuse me," she said with a stretch, "I'm about five bottles deep and I have to piss like a racehorse". Such language wasn't a surprise coming from Zoe, who had always told them all that swearing in Australia would rarely earn her a second look. Tessa herself wasn't sure if there was any truth to that or if it was just what they liked to call a ;Zoe-ism', but she was one to talk- after all, she'd almost ruined the seats of that poor Uber on the way over. What shocked her wasn't Zoe's language, but her evergreen confidence in announcing that she had to pee. Tessa was the kind of person who needed to be very desperate or very drunk before she'd admit that she had to go, and yet Zoe- who had only been drinking Pepsi- didn't think twice about telling her friends the details. Perhaps that was a good example of the confidence that made her so fun to be around.

Zoe's brash announcement reminded Tessa of some pressure in her own bladder, too. It was already dark outside, and they'd been talking, eating and (most pressingly) drinking for hours. The most predictable result of this was that she knew she'd soon have to visit the bathroom again. Might as well be now, while I'm not the only one, she told herself. "I'd better go too, actually," she said quietly, emboldened somewhat by her friend's confidence.

Jamie checked his watch and stood up as well. "To be honest, it's probably time to head off anyway. We're done here and the house is only a short walk away. I'll sort out the payment and we'll meet you two ladies outside?"

Zoe, who was starting to squirm in the most subtle of ways, readily agreed and led Tessa back towards the women's bathroom in which she'd had her near-miss earlier that day.

"Come on Tessie, girl's trip," she said, pulling her friend gently in by the wrist. "I hope you still don't mind chatting while you pee".

And with a cheeky grin, she let the door close behind them.

