What I Wish Had Happened

Author: nestorius

*000*2020-10-27 03:42

(Skip below the dashed line for the story)

So, after almost ten freakin' years of lurking on this site, reading content from everyone else, I felt it was time to contribute some of my own experiences. "But wait!" you say, "why is this guy posting in Fiction and Fanfiction then?!". Well, for two reasons.

1. It just feels a little bit dirty (in a not-good way) to post the exact details of what, while it was to me an omorashi experience, to somebody else was just having to pee really bad and/or wetting their pants. It's as if you were doing your laundry at a public laundromat, and someone with a doing-laundry fetish posted an exacting, sensuous description of it on the Internet. You wouldn't feel that bad, because it's not like it was a picture or video or something, and as long as there weren't any identifying details you wouldn't necessarily feel bad at all, but the idea of a bunch of Internet strangers masturbating furiously to a description of you doing your laundry seems... unsettling. So fictionalizing the stories some lets me both write the endings I wish had happened (hey he said the title), and gives me a bit of moral cover to put this stuff online.

2. Some of my favorite experiences happened while I was a teenager, and I'd rather not write about anyone who was (at the time) under 18. So if I can take the basic plots of what happened, change a few things, and slot in characters of age, I think it's okay? Consider it "based on a true story".

Without further ado...

###

Story One: A Matter of Time

This is from when I was in college. The basic setup is that as part of our participation in Generic College Student Organization, 12 of us students had to get from City A to City B for an event. This being college, this meant recruiting people who had cars to haul everyone else, and doling out the remainder between the cars based on classes, schedules, and so on. That year, I was in leadership of Generic College Student Organization (henceforth GCSO), and so of course I put the girl I had a crush on in my car, because a little abuse of power goes a long way. That I had actually fantasized in the past about the scenario that ended up unfolding probably subconsciously helped.

We left around nine or ten in the morning, and stopped for lunch probably around noon. It was supposed to be a six hour drive, and we needed to be there by five or six, so we weren't really worried about time, though maybe we should have been. The other people in the car were the girl I was interested in, who we'll call Jennifer, and two other guys, who we'll call Sam and Nathan. We spent maybe 45 minutes eating lunch and talking and at the very end everyone used the restroom, which of course I noticed, given what this whole website is about. We drove for probably another hour, and stopped for gas. Sam, Nathan and Jennifer all bought drinks at the gas station (I didn't, being rather careful about such things), and everyone except Jennifer used the restroom.

Some background on her: she was very proud of her bladder. I had talked to her about it once before, when she brought it up, and she considered herself to have an "iron bladder", able to hold as long as she needed or wanted to. This probably accounts for her choice, and for what happened next.

We drove for four hours straight after that, and the car lapsed into the exhausted silence of a road trip when everyone's tired, you're running late (turns out 45 minutes for lunch plus twenty at the gas station plus stopping by my house that morning to drop something off really added up), and the first thing you can expect when you arrive is a hurried frenzy to check into the hotel, change clothes, and sprint to where you're supposed to be. When I noticed Jennifer getting quieter than usual, and sitting with her legs crossed, I started to wonder about the effects of her drink from the gas station, plus the liter and a half water bottle she'd been sipping since before lunch, plus the five hours (remember, she didn't go at the gas station) all that had had to go through her, but I figured that given she was an almost-full adult she'd speak up if she wanted to stop, and dismissed my thoughts as an over-enthusiastic fetish fantasy.

Oh lord, was I wrong.

We were on a long stretch of mostly empty highway, between major cities. I was starting to get anxious about the time, and asked Jennifer (who was sitting in the passenger seat) to check Google Maps and find out exactly how far we were from our destination.

"We're, like, an hour and a half away, so we're kinda running late. I really have to pee, but I can hold it until we get there."

A whole lot of emotions went through me at once.

Arousal. Fear someone was going to notice my arousal. Guilt. Another part of me pointing out that she had just offered, completely unprompted, to hold it, that I had in no way whatsoever forced her into this, and for Christ's sake the girl you have a crush on has to pee, badly, six inches away from you and just enjoy something without worrying whether you're a bad person for once in your goddamn life.

So I shut my mouth. Just kind of acknowledged it with a sort of "mm hmm, okay", while two parts of me fought a duel over whether I should just offer to stop right now because that's what a normal person would do or no you idiot she didn't even offer to hold it she just said she would and who are you to tell her otherwise and we are running late and... you get the idea. To be clear, all of me was still enjoying it, but I was conflicted.

For about 3-4 minutes, that equilibrium held. What happened next is going to seem like a plot device straight out of someone fictionalizing an otherwise pretty brief experience, but this part actually did happen, so just believe what you want to believe.

Jennifer spoke up again .

"I have to pee so bad, guys."

Sam and Nathan chimed in from the back.

"Yeah I've had to pee for like an hour".

"Me too".

My whirl of conflicting emotions collapsed into simple resolve. Everyone had to go, including some guys, which I was definitely *not* into, and at this point any normal person would find a gas station and stop. We could be 20 minutes late to the event- getting my rocks off wasn't worth my integrity (which I'm not gonna say I had a ton of at that point in my life, but hey, it was something) or, more to the point, my reputation in the organization. I turned to Jennifer.

"Do you want me to stop?"

A long, awkward pause floated by.

"Yes."

Moral crisis averted, and events of omorashi interest over, I turned back to the windshield, free to direct my anxiety solely at the weekend ahead, and settled my eyes back on the road... just in time to slam on the brakes.

As we hit.

An endless wall.

Of dead-stopped traffic.

LIke I said, believe it if you want to.

Jennifer, to her credit, burst out laughing, then jammed both hands into her crotch as she realized what a terrible mistake that had been. She pulled her legs up onto the seat and sort of writhed around while curled up into a ball, like if she wrapped herself up tightly enough she could physically seal off her bladder's access to the outside world. Sam or Nathan might have said something, but between the show to my right and trying not to wreck the car every useful section of my brain was fully booked.

The situation fairly rapidly became clear. Something really nasty had happened up ahead, and all five lanes of the highway were moving at 7-8 miles per hour if they were moving at all. I spotted a sign that said the next exit was in 3 miles- so about 30 minutes at worst. Anybody could hold on that long, right?

Something about this seemed to make Jennifer's situation worse, and she began to alternate between sitting with her legs tightly crossed and curling up into a ball like before, though she managed to keep her hands firmly on top of her thighs. I began to run through the math in my head. A 600ml soda from the gas station, plus a liter gone from her liter and a half water bottle sitting on the center console between us, plus five hours (the kidney can process about a half liter an hour maximum, I think?)... she had to be holding almost a liter, minimum. Which was crazy. Ridiculous. I'd done my own holds a few times, and 750ml was absolute desperation for me. I looked at those tight runner's thighs, crossed so primly, so perfectly, her hands pressed on top of her legs like the only thing keeping them away from her pulsating peehole was sheer, brutal force of will...

Don't crash the car don't crash the car don't crash the car

"God, I have to pee so bad." Jennifer said. "I feel like I'm going to wet myself in the car."

"I have my Gatorade bottle, from the gas station." Sam said, "If you really have to go."

"I don't think that would work... like, anatomically."

Holy shit holy shit holy shit. Not "No, I don't have to go THAT bad." Not "Are you insane? Do you think I'm going to rip down these oh-so-short Nike shorts and my freaking panties and piss an ocean into a bottle in a moving vehicle in front of three college guys who would potentially literally kill to see what's hiding under that glossy black fabric?". No, she's serious. She's in the endgame. Her bladder is at the end of its rope and she is ruthlessly contemplating her remaining options, excluding the ones that won't work... anatomically.

Like making a bladder hold more than its maximum capacity.

"Anyway, [writer], I wouldn't pee in your car. Like, ever." A hand temporarily freed from its thigh death-grip to wave for emphasis. "I can still hold it, if you want, since we're late and everything."

WHY IS SHE MAKING THIS SO HARD

Is she trying to convince me or her?

"No, we'll stop." An awkward smile, a dick that feels like it's going to burst, a sense that this can't be real and that I just need to get it over with so Earth Prime can reassert control. And the traffic ground on.

After ten or so more minutes went by, Jennifer looked at me, dead serious. Her face was not a joking face. It was the face of someone who has realized their number appears to be up, that their slightly reckless choices and the fuckery of an uncaring reality may have combined to make this the Big One.

"So, I might, um, actually pee in your car. Like, I might not be able to hold it. Just thought I should probably let you know." A weak, very forced smile, more of a grimace.

For the next few minutes, time seemed to slow to near a stop. I actually got bored for a little while. It turns out the reason most porn videos are under 10 minutes is that you really can only stay so aroused for so long before you burn out, emotionally if not physically, and you just want it to be over with so the world can go back to some kind of normal. I started to wonder what, specifically, was the reason you were supposed to call the Viagra people if you had an erection lasting longer than four hours. I kind of wanted to find out.

I took the exit ramp, and we had to wait at a red light for a bit after the left turn. The car was dead silent. I tried to crack a joke. "Looks the universe is after you one last time, huh?"

"Yeah... the universe..." Jennifer mumbled. She was done.

I pulled into a parking spot, and Jennifer fumbled with her purse for a bit, I guess in case she had to buy something, then decided it wasn't worth it and left it in the seat. The whole checking the seat for wetness thing only happens in stories where the main character has perfect presence of mind and infinite time to absorb environmental details- I just got out of the car. Jennifer did this sort of awkward skip-run into the gas station, like she wanted to sprint but that just wasn't going to happen, and I followed her in just in time to witness her post up against the wall by the bathroom door, like she was about to breach it, Rainbow Six-style.

She stepped back from the wall, faced the door, and bent about halfway over, arms straight by her sides, palms facing down, thighs pressed together, the classic internet pee video pose. I didn't think it would look that way in real life, but hey, I guess those people know what they're doing. My last thought before what happened next was... why the palms? What do the palms have to do with it? Seriously, if anyone knows, let me know.

She reached out a cautious hand for the door handle. I relaxed, ready for this whole thing to be over. She began to twist it.

Locked. Sealed. Not available. Se ocupado. Ne c'est pas.

Whatever force it was that had held her together all this time, whatever dismal hope of making it through this like a grown woman, dignity somewhat intact, began to slough away in great piling snowdrifts of fucks to give. She bent at the waist again, faster this time, like a dance move, and one hand went to her crotch while the other wiggled the doorknob, now her most merciless enemy. She knocked on the uncaring wooden door. "Hello?..." she ventured. "Hey, there's still a McDonalds next door" Nathan called out from near the pretzels, his tone of voice not quite appreciating how far the situation had gone. "Is there a code or something?" Sam asked the cashier. "No, someone's in there, sorry." she said. Jennifer backed away from the door, slowly, like if she didn't keep staring it down it might attack.

"Nhn." Jennifer said.

"Nhn?" I wondered.

And then I saw it. I saw that little first spatter of pee saturate the crotch of her Nike shorts and grace the tile floor of the gas station.

At this point, Jennifer freaked the hell out and started running towards the door, with God knows what going through her mind. I mean, I get it- if she was shy enough to not admit she'd had to go until she needed it almost this bad in the first place, trusting in her seemingly indomitable bladder, this had to be hell for her. I actually felt pretty bad. Not bad enough to not keep watching her, but, bad. I almost didn't get to see what happened next- girl was varsity track in high school for a reason.

She was standing on some dirt at the edge of the parking lot, looking at the crowded McDonalds, then the parking lot, then the forest off to the side, then the parking lot, then the car, then the parking lot. Maybe, given more time, she would have come to a decision. Maybe she would have suffered through the McDonalds bathroom line, or overcome her pleaser personality just long enough to beg to be allowed to go in front, or waited back at the gas station bathroom where at least she was first, or just sprinted into the woods and watered a bush, or, hell, squatted in the backseat of my crappy little car and pissed a roaring Niagara into Sam's stupid Gatorade bottle. But she didn't, because she was out of time.

She tried to stop it, at first, shoved both her hands down there and twisted her legs like an audition for Cirque de Soleil, but it was no use. She was done. This shy, gorgeous young woman had, through a combination of bad luck and bad choices, pushed her bladder to its absolute limit. And she pissed. She pissed more than I thought a human being could piss. She irrigated the Sahara. She created the Pacific, and then, surrounded by a puddle of an indifferent universe...

The rest of that story isn't for the Internet.

Anyway, she got cleaned up, we all changed in the gas station bathroom, and she ended up being surprisingly cool about the whole thing. She'd had a few close calls in the past, apparently, and one step further didn't seem to crush her, though she for a while she glowed a neat shade of "will-i ever-live-this-down" red (now available at Home Depot) if anybody mentioned it. We eventually made it to City B, and yes...

We were late.

*008*2020-10-31 07:00

I return, bearing another tale.

{{On 10/28/2020 at 6:32 PM, AliasnameTO said:

This is closer to a piece of "respectable" literature, but I was hooked. Where have you been hiding all this time? You're sure to be a treasure to the community.

}}

You read it for the plot, right?

{{On 10/29/2020 at 7:06 AM, TheSenatesOmo said:

I genuinely don’t know what “The rest of that story isn't for the Internet” is supposed to mean in this context. A little confused on that. Right at the big moment of sweet release too! Besides that, thought, wow. I mean, this story is right up my alley. Fantastic work. Please please write more, and don’t spare us the steamy details either.

}}

It was mostly that I didn't really know how to end it, and writing a big white-knighty scene about me helping her afterwards just felt... pitiful and white-knighty. That story was actually exactly what happened, plus a certain bathroom being occupied, so I wasn't thinking a lot about the plot while writing. This story is mostly fictional, and was written in parts with a plot outline and everything, so it should hopefully feel more natural and less abruptly over.

A brief warning/note: this story contains sexually explicit material. Like, normal people sexually explicit material, with naked people and sex acts and so on. The people demand steamy details? The people shall have steamy details.

###

Story 2: Dare

On this day in history, I was hanging around the student center on my college’s campus, collecting dues from people for the generic organization from the first story. This was about as exciting as running a lemonade stand, without the meeting new people, personal income stream, or pride of creating a quality product, so I was pretty eager for some entertainment.

“Ashley” was a girl I’d been on a date with the previous summer, who after ignoring me for a bit afterwards, had hit me with a long, loooong text that boiled down to “I like you but I’m scared and let’s just be friends”. We’d kept talking for a while after that, but had fallen out of touch for a few months, until she’d texted me out of the blue a few days previously. Part of me was hoping she wanted me to try to make a romantic move again, while the other part pointed out that, as she’d wanted to be friends, the ball was very much in her court.

I was talking to her that afternoon, and at some point, she mentioned she wanted to improve her “willpower and endurance” in some context. I don’t remember what she meant exactly, but I do remember being young and bored and a little bit crazy, and it giving me an idea.

“I have a challenge to test your endurance”, I sent.

“Hmm”, she replied, “What is it?”

“You’re always complaining about how you have to pee all the time. So why don’t you hold it? Till like, nine tonight or something?” (for clarity, it was a little bit after 3pm)

I figured I could always laugh the suggestion off as “oh, just an idea haha”, and omo was obscure enough she wouldn’t make the connection, but still, I was sweating. Five minutes went by, then ten.

“That’s weird.” she replied.

My heart dropped.

My phone went off again.

“That’s really, really weird, and I like it.”

My heart un-dropped, and I got excited. This wasn’t somebody next to me on an airplane, or in a classroom, or in a car, who just happened to be stuck without a bathroom. This was someone I was romantically and sexually interested in, holding it because I asked them to- no, because I told them to. Now, I definitely hadn’t laid all my cards on the table about what I was getting out of it, but if you can find me a perfect person, I have a bridge to sell you.

She told me thinking about not being allowed to pee was making her need to pee already, and I told her we should hang out later so I could keep her honest. I guess now that the “hey hold your pee (for my super secret kink)” line had been crossed I was feeling pretty damn confident, and the hot streak held. We decided to grab dinner at a bubble tea place near campus, around six.

Those first two hours were hard. I mean, I’m sure they were hard for her too, having to hold it and all, but have you ever tried to act normal in a situation like that? I was sweating bullets, about to puke of excitement, stiff as a pole, and sitting on a nice couch in a cold hallway trying to make change for twenties and explain the logistics for our next club event. Maybe they thought I had a cold or something. I can’t remember being quite able to care. I went back to my dorm around five, and, of course, used the bathroom.

The initial high had kind of worn off by now, so I was soft enough to actually go in the toilet (anyone who hasn’t pissed in a shower because their dick was too hard is a liar or boring), and I was mostly worried. I hadn’t seen this girl in months, and now I was going on some kind of kink maybe-date with her? What if it was awkward? How could it not be awkward, under the circumstances? Would she still be holding? Would she even show up? I was in too deep to quit now, anyway. I was seeing this thing through.

It was a bit of a walk to the boba place, so I left my dorm about five-thirty, and got there around five forty-five. I try to be really punctual, mostly because it pisses me off when other people aren’t and I don’t want to be a hypocrite. However, this does mean I do a lot of sitting around.

It got to about 6:05, me sitting at a faux-wood table in a faux-leather booth sipping expensive cold tea, when I got a text from her.

“Sorry bus was late.

I have to peeeeeee.”

I reassured her the former was definitely, definitely not a problem (and the latter was just her problem, heh heh heh), and she showed up probably five more minutes later. After that we had… well, completely normal conversation. Classes. The weather. Politics. Life as we know it. It was nice, and I had to hold myself in check as I remembered we were currently, technically friends. Anyway, we talked for about forty minutes, and I almost forgot about the holding thing. Almost. It got to the point where we had both finished our drinks, and were enjoying a comfortable silence, when she leaned in and said:

“So, this daring me not to pee- it’s a sex thing.”

It was a statement, not a question.

I went beet-red while my frontal lobe rapidly generated and dismissed a veritable galaxy of excuses and denials, all the way from the from the sandy Tatooine of “how dare you” to the peaceful Alderaan of “you know I just realized I left the oven on”. She pressed further.

“It is.”

I said nothing, making loving eye contact with the table as I prepared for the shitstorm barreling down upon my sinful, lustful, deceitful sorry ass.

“And you’re so embarrassed about it, too, like you have a notebook somewhere filled with My Chemical Romance lyrics and diary entries about how ashamed you are of your dirty little secrets.”

I began to imagine what it might be like to make conversation with the table. The table didn’t know anything about me. The table just listened. The table didn’t judge.

“Do you really think I didn’t know? I mean, I didn’t know know, but do you think I didn’t notice how often you asked about that kind of stuff? How that time I texted you that I was stuck in a two-hour lecture in the front row and about to pee my pants from all the coffee that was suddenly all you wanted to talk about?” she said.

“The, um, idea, hadn’t quite occurred to me, I, uh, I guess”.

I’m not as smooth as I think I am, my brain reflected over a glass of imaginary brain whiskey, on the imaginary rocks, in an imaginary mahogany-paneled parlor, conveniently the same shade as the table’s dark brown faux-wood.

“Just say it. Just stop staring at this stupid cheap table and look me in the eye and say it’s a sex thing.”

I gathered myself, and laid both hands flat on the table, looking her in the eye.

“It is a sex thing. It is a sex thing where people like me get off to girls, or guys, like you, who have to pee. It is a sex thing, and I probably should have been more honest about it.”

“Okay.” she said, crossing her arms and smirking at me.

“Okay what?” I said.

“Okay. I am okay with this. You’re a little bit fucked up, like every other human being on this planet, and we’re cool. I need you to apologize for two things, though.”

“What?”

“One, say you’re sorry you lied to me, and it was wrong.”

“I just omitted-“

“Shut up.”

“I’m sorry I lied to you, and it was wrong.”

She paused, waiting for something.

“What’s the other thing?” I asked.

“If you were going to take me on a date, you should have bought me this drink.”

Almost needless to say, things improved from there. I quizzed her exhaustively about the past four hours, openly indulging my omo curiosity, and she asked me a few questions about what, specifically I liked about her having to pee. This is actually a question I’ve gotten more than once- most memorably, one person asked me “How do you tell?” (if they had to pee or not). Once she got the general idea of what I liked in her head, and my ideas about why I liked it (hint: it’s almost as if really strong sexual taboos, a lot of childhood/teenage resentment towards women, and a “nice” self-image where you don’t want to be the bad guy can produce an attraction to situations where women feel humiliated and powerless in a sex-adjacent way and it’s not your fault), she asked me if I had any specific requests.

I had mostly recovered my wits at this point, and responded fairly rapidly.

“Ask the cashier for the bathroom code, go in the bathroom, sit on the toilet for a while, and don’t use it.”

“You’re mean.”

“That’s kind of the point.”

“You’re so mean. If they gave out Oscars for being a dick, you would get the Oscar for being a dick to me right now. Because you are so freaking mean.”

She got up from the table and walked over to the cashier. I probably should have described her earlier, but since you’ve just about summited Mount Exposition and are getting to the sexy part, I’ll do it now.

She had brown hair a little longer than shoulder length, with big brown eyes, Bambi eyes, and a cute little nose between them. On this occasion, she was wearing a slightly frilly light yellow blouse, and a tight pair of jeans. The blouse curved just right around her C-cup breasts, and the jeans hugged her decent-sized yet pert ass. Basically, picture your preferred slightly curvy white college chick, sauntering across the almost empty bubble tea place to the cashier.

“Hi, can I have the bathroom code? We just got out of a really long test, and I have to go sooo bad.” She crossed her legs and bobbed a little for emphasis.

“It’s 3-4-7-5.”

“Thanks!”

She turned around and stuck her tongue out at me, then strolled towards the bathroom, head held high, looking for all the world like someone about to enjoy some well-earned relief. “In the bathroom but not allowed to use it” is one of my favorite scenarios in stories, videos, and my own holds, and it was driving me mad, my fingers drumming randomly on the table as I stared lasers into her back and ass disappearing down the hall. It only took about thirty seconds for a Snapchat to pop up- her sitting (still very clothed) on the toilet seat, flashing the peace sign to the mirror. It was captioned “if you screenshot this so help me god”. I didn’t test the threat.

About a minute later, I heard the toilet flush, and she came out, looking very undaunted.

“Easy.” she said.

“Really?” I said.

“Okay, not that easy. But I’ve felt worse. You’ve never had an ultrasound.” She shuddered.

“Let’s make it harder, then.” I said. “I still owe you a drink.”

She just shrugged. I took this as assent, and walked over to the cashier. He had been leaning against the counter watching us, as the only entertainment in the restaurant I guess, and had those “I pulled the graveyard shift the night before this” dark rings around his eyes. I bought 32 ounces of the Thai milk tea, which is addictive stuff whether you’re drinking it for a hold or not, and slapped it down triumphantly in front of Ashley.

“Easy.”, she repeated, but her voice shook ever so slightly, and she gripped the cup firmly as she brought it to her lips.

“You have to finish it all before we leave.” I said.

“Leave for where?” she asked, one delicate eyebrow raised.

“It’s a date. Surely, I’m obligated to walk you home.”

“Walk? Like, the 45 minutes to west campus?”

“Won’t be a problem, right?” I said, with my best wicked grin. “I could use the exercise.”

She slurped at the tea viciously for about a minute, then slammed the empty cup down, the ice rattling against the wall.

“Truly, you are a dick.”

I’ll admit, she held up better than I expected on the walk. It was spring, so there wasn’t any cold to go after her bladder, and I was starting to think she’d been playing coy with her holding capacity all this time. Not that I was complaining, but still, it was a little disappointing. We made it to her dorm in the aforementioned 45 minutes, with nothing more than her stopping a few times to cross her legs. We got to the double glass doors, and she started rifling through her purse, pacing around and occasionally stopping to bend down a bit, press her knees together, and shift her weight from foot to foot.

“I think I lost my card.” she said, turning towards me.

“Just text Natalie.” I suggested.

“Do you think I want to explain this situation to her?” she hissed, glaring at me. “Besides, she’s gone this week. Team building conference or something.” She smirked a bit as she took in my reaction to the second piece of information. “Right where you want me, hmm?”

I walked closer, right in front of her. “You could say that.” I looked down at her, and she looked up at me, and I went in for the kiss. She was wearing strawberry-flavored lip gloss. I know, because I could taste it. We stood there, making out, and I pulled her towards me, trying to gauge the distance just right to hint at but not stab her with my thoroughly erect weapon of choice. Someone behind me coughed.

I let go and whirled around. An Asian girl, probably an undergrad by her relative youth, was standing there looking everywhere but at us. “Hey, could you guys move so I could just… sorry. Thanks. Sorry.”

We followed her in, and Ashley took me by the hand, leading me to her freshman-style dorm room. I was in one of the nicer apartment-style halls, with my own bedroom and a bathroom shared only with my suitemates- she shared a bedroom with a roommate and the bathroom with the entire floor. She wouldn’t even look at the bathroom entrance as we walked past, but she squeezed my hand, hard, almost painfully. “Fuuuuuuck everythiiiiiiiing.” she whispered to no one in particular. She unlocked and opened the door to her room, locking it behind us, and gingerly climbed onto her bed, kicking off her stylish sandals as she went. I untied my boots and left them by the door, then clambered up as well. For a moment we both just sat there, tense, silent, expecting. I moved towards her, and I kissed her.

I kissed her, gently then more forcefully, sliding my hand down her side to her hip then giving her bladder just the slightest push with my thumb. She pulled away from the kiss, staring me dead in the eyes.

“Be nice…” she whispered, then kissed me back. She grabbed a fistful of my shirt and pulled me down with her, gently, as she laid back onto the pile of pillows that seem to come standard with every college girl (plus those stickers with the words “Love” and “Faith” in cursive). I took her blouse off, then worked my hands under her, feeling around for the clasp of her bra until I snagged it, and cast the blouse and bra into a pile on the floor. She pulled my shirt over my head, and I helped her get it off, then used my newly freed arms to unbutton her skinny jeans and drag them down.

“You don’t even know how good that feels.” she said, sighing.

“You’d be surprised.” I said, thinking back to my own holding experiences.

She unbuttoned my pants, and I slid them the rest of way down, along with my boxers. She looked at my cock for a moment. “We’re missing something important.” she said. “Right.” I said, and fumbled around in my jeans for my wallet, and the condom stashed there by a very optimistic and slightly younger me during freshman health class. I got it on with a minimum of fuss, and turned back to her, taking advantage of my brief movement away from her to lay almost flat on my stomach, hands on her thighs just above the knees.

I sent my hands higher and slid her panties down oh so carefully, gently lifting the waistband over the swell of her bladder. She gasped sharply, and I wasn’t sure if it was a good gasp or a bad one.

“I feel like I’m going to piss on the bed. When my clothes were on it was like I was supposed to be holding it, but now it’s just- keep going.”

I took her panties all the way off, and tentatively kissed her clit. Or at least where I thought it was, because finding that thing in real life can be a son of a bitch. I licked around her pussy lips for a little while, punctuated by the occasional “fuck” or “shit” from her, which I’d love to believe was the result of my prowess but probably had more to do with the full bladder a few inches from my forehead.

“Wait, stop.” she said, and I sat up like I’d been shocked. She sat up a little more slowly and painfully, and looked at me, her knees pressed together as she sort of kneeled on the bed.

She looked me in the eye.

“[writer], can I please, please go pee.”

I have never in my life, to this day, been harder than I was in that moment.

I checked the time on my phone. 8:07.

“We agreed you had to wait until nine.”

Just as her hopeful, pleading expression started to shift into this-isn’t-funny-any-more, I added-

“So, if you want to go, you have to be punished.”

Her eyes went wide, and she bit down on her lip, hard, as she rocked back and forth a little.

“You want to get what you want in life, you have to take some responsibility. You have to finish what you start.” I paused for effect. “I come, you go.” I said. I laughed a bit, then gestured to my dick and added: “Neither of us can really cheat.”

“That works.” she half-whispered, breathing heavily. Her pupils flickered with desire and suffering and a little fear and something older, something… brutal.

She crept towards me on all fours, and I sat back at an angle, my head and shoulders hard against the white-lacquered brick wall and my legs sort of awkwardly sprawled almost over the edge of the bed. I would love to tell you what I was thinking at this point, but I was past thinking, in that place you go where the entire universe shrinks down to you and the person in front of you and if you could think you’d just think you never wanted to feel anything but this. She put one hand on the wall by my head, using the other to steady herself on my torso, and slid onto me, settling her weight onto my legs and hips. She felt so… tight, like her so very full bladder was jammed against my cock, which it probably actually was. She pushed off of my ribs, and lifted herself a little upwards, then slid gently down again. “If I piss on my bed”, she rasped into my ear, “you are buying me a new comforter”.

I tried not to finish, Lord I tried, but my dick was buzzing like a good marijuana body high and I swear I was starting to feel it in my toes. After a few dozen thrusts, I came like my soul was trying to fight its way out of my body, like it was assaulting my last line of defense between my balls and the tip of my cock. “You win” I coughed, “oh my God you win Jesus fuck”.

She sagged for a moment, then lifted herself off of me totally, her whole body trembling. She sat back on her heel, then grabbed herself with both hands, one rubbing around her lips while the other pressed down directly on her urethral opening. “I can hold it.” she said. “I can hold it I can hold it I can hold it.”

Getting down from the bed presented a dilemma- she could take her hands away from her crotch, and try to make her climb down as gentle as possible, or she could slide off the bed with one hand and jolt down onto the grey-carpeted floor. She opted for the jolt, and immediately regretted it. “Fuck!”, she swore and bent halfway, her bare ass waggling at me as she fought for control. “Where’d you put my panties? Never mind. Just throw me my jeans.” She bent down again, this time to grab her blouse off the floor and slide it over her head.

Watching her put on those skinny jeans while she had to pee that badly had this masochistic beauty to it, like watching the hero die in a gritty war movie or an extreme triathlete drag their wrecked body over the finish line. It was human tragedy in miniature, is what I mean. She got the zipper halfway up, then breathed out heavily and went for the button, dancing around to compensate for her missing hands all the while.

“Can I watch?” I ventured, one last shot in the dark.

“You want to explain to everybody else why you’re in the women’s bathroom?” she said, looking slightly offput.

“Never mind, do your thing.” I said.

She hurried out the door. I can’t say I didn’t harbor any last-minute fantasies of occupied stalls or an inconvenient janitorial visit, but I figured I had already burned through my good luck budget for the next five years. She returned within a few minutes, looking tremendously relieved. “I feel like I could fly.” she said.

“Me too.” I said, sliding off the bed.

“Idiot.” she said, and kissed me.

