Marvel/MCU Stories - Page 4

Author: NothingLeft

*076*2021-07-02 05:41

{{On 5/5/2021 at 7:02 AM, SM15 said:

Wow great chapter, really well written. If you are open to more requests, Gamora being desperate to pee while on a mission would be great. Thanks.

}}

Apologies this took so long to respond, Omo.org doesn't like to notify me sometimes. While I have the work ethic and time management skills of a wet potato, I'm always open to more requests, and consider the Gamora piece on the line. If you haven't already, there is already a Gamora piece, but I'll happily write another. In the meantime, I wish you all the best.

*079*2021-07-12 14:36

{{On 7/11/2021 at 7:30 AM, desperation_fan said:

So, I have a request, but before I make it, have you seen WandaVision, @NothingLeft

? Because the request involves spoilers.

}}

Yes, I have seen WandaVision, as well as Falcon and Winter Soldier and Loki. I have not yet seen Black Widow, but I will update as to when I have.

Apologies, what's your request?

*081*2021-09-25 18:46

I know it's been a while since my last post, but for... better(?) reasons than previously. But, I wanted to clarify some points for any interested, and to kind of answer a question I received recently.

Are the new Marvel show characters on the table?

This would mean shows like Wandavision, Loki, The Falcon and The Winter Soldier, et cetera, and to this I say yes. I know it's somewhat confusing, given that one of the first rules was that no shows were included, but the difference between, say, Agents Of SHIELD and Loki is their canonicity, or lack thereof. It's been said officially that those shows exist separately from the MCU, despite them sharing many characters. Essentially, I intend to keep these pieces connected to the official MCU. My apologies if this news is disappointing.

However, one show I will not be writing for, at least on my own- if it's requested, I could try- is What If...? I don't really have a reason for this one, I just feel very intimidated by all the small variations in a character's personality- for example, I couldn't decide how Nebula's reaction to an accident would change if it were the version from Episode 2.

In a shorter form; The new Marvel shows are free game, as long as they adhere to the other rules. However, the new characters- Sylvie, Monica, perhaps even Sarah- will be added alongside the characters entering the ring after the Line-Up piece, so there'll be an even bigger roster.

Oh god.

Nevertheless, I am doing my best to work, and I'll always apologize for these gaps. Also, @124578

, I'd be happy to write perhaps a one-off piece regarding Proxima Midnight. Consider it underway!

As always, best regards, bow to none.

NothingLeft

