A Wet Night in the Woods (Yuru Camp)

Author: NotACat

*000*2020-07-18 17:03

More or less based on Episode 7 of the Yuru Camp anime. Thanks to @Imouto Bouquet for proofreading.

###

It was a cold, clear day at Lake Shibire, and the vivid blue of the sky was reflected in the still waters of the nearby lake as two members of the Outdoors Club carted their supplies along the dirt path to their campsite.

“They say that a few hours after midnight the spirit of a bull oni will rise out of the lake!” Nadeshiko recited from whatever urban legend site she was reading today.

“Sure it will,” Rin said with a sigh. “Just keep your eyes on the path, we’re almost there.”

Just a few steps later, as they came around a group of trees, the campground spread out before them, the scattered trees and patches of grass all commanded an amazing view across the still waters of the lake to the far side of the caldera. A small number of more permanent structures were dotted across the area, but just one of the campsites appeared to be occupied.

“Only one other tent.” She pumped her fist in satisfaction. “The place is practically ours.”

“S-so there’s almost no one here, and no street lights? Isn’t that just making it too easy for the spirit?” her friend’s voice shook slightly as she spoke.

“It’s just an urban legend,” she said, brushing her hair out of her eyes. “Just go to bed early if you’re so worried about it.”

“Ah, I hadn’t thought of that.” With a grin, the pink-haired girl went sprinting off down the path. “It’s all ours!”

“She really isn’t that bright, is she?” Rin muttered quietly to herself.

###

Once the girls had pitched their tents, Nadeshiko set off to explore the campground and take pictures while Rin chose to prepare the fire for cooking dinner and read. The nearly empty structures were interesting enough, but the views of the lake were what truly drew Nadeshiko’s attention. The vivid yellows and oranges of the trees provided a sharp contrast to the clear blue of the sky as they both reflected off the still, nearly mirror surface of the water. As she tried to get closer to the shoreline, the smell of cooking vegetables wafted to her from the larger tent that they had spotted earlier. ‘If we’re the only other people here, maybe I should go and say hi to our neighbors.’ she thought as she wandered over towards the tent, her boots crunching quietly on the gravel beach.

“Ah, hello?” As she walked around to the front of the tent she saw an array of fancy tools arranged across a table and a slender, short-haired woman standing over it.. ‘Oohh, veteran campers,’ she thought.

“Hi there, are you staying in those tents down the shore?” the woman asked, gesturing with her head, her hands occupied as she diced vegetables.

“Ah, yes. We’re just here for the night.” As her eyes scanned over the table’s contents, she spotted the tent’s other occupant, glasses, longer hair, and a worrying number of bottles obscuring her face. ‘Ah, I wonder if they’re camping as a couple. How cute!’

“Anyway, I just wanted to say hi. It was nice to meet you!” she called as she left, intending to both give them some privacy and to see how the fire was coming along. Ah, she could almost imagine the taste of freshly cooked meat already, the thought driving her on as she jogged across the campground.

Rin was having a significantly less pleasant time than her friend. Her initial plan of starting a bundle of tinder and setting the coals on top resulted in a few wisps of smoke before being smothered. ‘Maybe it just needs more to light properly?’ she thought, setting the coals back up with twice as much tinder. A match set it alight, and she returned to her book, confident that she would have a fire soon. By the time Nadeshiko returned to camp, it was clear that Rin’s confidence was misplaced; the first thing she noticed was an aura of gloom, with her friend hunched over the still cold fire at its center.

“Why. Why isn’t it lighting? There isn’t even any tinder left,” She muttered, barely aware of anything else happening around her.

‘Ah, she’s definitely upset,’ Not having a fire probably wasn’t a life or death situation here, but those dreams of fresh meat were slipping further and further away. There had to be some other way of lighting it. As the other girl fiddled with the lighter, pitting her own stubbornness against their own refusal to light, Nadeshiko had an idea. There was a veteran camper just down the shore she could ask, right?

A quick jog and hurried explanation later, she returned with their camping neighbor.

“Rin, look, I found an expert!” The sound of her friend’s excited voice finally pulled Rin’s attention away from the increasingly annoying firepit.

“H-hi,” the somewhat confused expert greeted her, before glancing at the fire. “I’m Ryouko, I’m staying at the campsite down the path.”

“Oh, um, nice to meet you. I’m Rin. I’m very sorry for how my friend’s been acting,” she said with a small bow.

“It’s fine, don’t worry about it. She said you were having some trouble with the fire?”

Rin gestured to the not-so-fiery pit and shifted to the side, leaving enough space for another person.

“Ah, charcoal can be a little tricky to light.” After squatting down next to Rin and picking up the tongs, Ryouko placed another brick into the fire before crushing it into smaller, gravel sized pieces. “Breaking it apart can make it easier to light, and gives you a bed of coals to set the rest on top of.”

With the application of a lighter and a firestarter, the crumbled black pebbles began to flare with orange light before fading to a gentle red glow.

“That should be good enough to get the rest started,” she said, stacking the rest of the charcoal back on top.

“Ah, thank you,” A genuinely grateful Rin said.

“Not to interrupt, but who’s that over there?” Nadeshiko asked, pointing a gloved hand at a figure wrapped up against the cold, stumbling towards the lake.

“Who?” Ryouko asked, glancing in the indicated direction. “Oh, not again. That’s my sister.” Cupping her hands around her mouth, she yelled to the figure in the distance. “Minami!”

“Ah, camping with family is nice.” Rin poked at the charcoal as she spoke.

Ryouko worriedly glanced between the fire and her sister as she got closer and closer to the water.

“I think we can handle this from here. Thank you for your help,” Rin said, gesturing towards the lake as she continued fanning the coals.

“Sure, no problem. Feel free to come by later and chat if you want to,” Ryouko called over her shoulder as she jogged off to intercept her wayward sister.

“Do you think she’s trying to go swimming?” Nadeshiko wondered, watching the two sisters.

“I really hope not, it’s dangerous this time of year.” Her friend continued poking at the fire.

Off in the distance, the elder sister reached the lake before the younger woman could catch up to her, just standing there with her feet apart. ‘That’s odd, is she just trying to get a better look at something?’ Nadeshiko wondered.

Suddenly, and prompting a yelp from her sister that was audible even across the campground, the older woman tugged her pants and underwear down to her knees.

“Rin! Rin, look!” Nadeshiko shook her friend’s shoulder a bit too vigorously.

“Stop that, what’s going on-” Rin’s eyes barely even widened at the sight. “An exhibitionist?”

As if to answer her question, a jet of urine began to pour from between the suspected exhibitionist’s legs, the droplets sparkling in the light visible even at a distance, before splashing into the still waters of the lake. Even from across the campground and covered by her coat, it was easy to tell just how relieved she felt as she sighed with relief. Not long after she’d started peeing her sister caught up with her, pulling off her own coat and holding it up to try to shield her from view.

“Nadeshiko, we probably shouldn’t be watching that.” Color rose in Rin’s cheeks as she noticed her status as a voyeur.

“Wow… I didn’t think women could do that,” Nadeshiko said with a sense of wonder before tearing her eyes away and focusing again on the fire.

###

“Uugh, my head hurts,” Minami mumbled, slumped over the table.

“I keep telling you that you need to stay hydrated when drinking.” Her sister sighed as she placed a cup of water in front of her. “Drink that before anything else.”

“Fine,” she grumbled, perking up quickly as the smell of the finally finished food wafted across the table as her sister served up their dinner..

“I really worry about your future as a teacher sometimes, sis.” As she spoke, she carefully set a plate in between the bottles and cans strewn across her sister’s side of the table.

“Rude. I was really popular as a student teacher,” she mumbled from behind her beer.

“Excuse me.”

“Good evening!” A pair of higher pitched voices called from the tent’s entrance.

“We wanted to thank you for your help earlier. Would you like some of the food we made?”

“Oh, it’s you two,” Ryouko responded, seeing the two highschoolers. “It looks wonderful.”

“Pardon the intrusion, we’ll head back now,” Rin said, setting the bowls of soup on the table.

“Ah, before you go, please take some of this with you.” She gestured to the pot of jambalaya. “I made a bit more than we need.”

“Ah, it smells so good.” Nadeshiko leaned over the pot, taking in the heady, heavily spiced smell.

“Are you sure?” Rin asked with a bit of trepidation.

“Of course, of course,” Ryouko responded, just as a thump from deeper in the tent drew everyone’s attention back to the other occupant.

“Oi, kids!” she shouted, holding up the bottle of rum she’d just banged against the table. “Take this with you!”

“Please ignore her,” Ryouko quickly said, moving between them. “She’s just drunk.”

“R-right. Thank you for the food,”

“Thank you!” the two chorused before setting off into the dark for their own camp.

As the two left the ring of light around the campsite, the sisters settled in to eat.

“Mmm, it’s so good,” Minami said through a mouthful of food.

“It is. They’re good kids, aren’t they?” Ryouko said, taking a sip of the soup. “They said they’re highschoolers, imagine if they turn out to be students at your school.”

As she drew a breath to make a response, the older woman froze in place as a shiver went up her spine. As any seasoned drinker knows, after that first visit to the toilet, or the lake in her case, you just can never hold on for as long and just keep needing to run to the bathroom. Putting her food back on the table, she began the struggle to get to her feet to go and deal with her looming problem.

“Minami, where are you going?” As innocuous as the question sounded, a clear danger lurked in those words.

“Gotta pee,” she mumbled. Maybe it was that overall numbness, maybe it was just poor judgement, but it certainly felt like her growing need had come out of nowhere to start prodding her poor bladder into ruining her only pair of warm pants.

“You aren’t going to try to go in the lake again, are you?” The already cold air seemed to take on a further chill, making Minami shiver.

“N-no.”

“Well, it won’t be a problem if I go with you to the bathrooms then,” she said, picking her coat up from the back of her chair and pulling it on.

“I’m not a kid, I’m older than you.” The surly schoolteacher sulked as the two of them walked down the path to the campground’s bathrooms, side by side as the older sister swayed slightly on her feet.

“Which is exactly why you shouldn’t be peeing in the lake, especially when there are other people around.” Ryouko put out a hand to steady her sister as she made a particularly strong lurch to one side. “Honestly, you’re lucky the two of them didn’t mind or lodge a complaint with the office.”

###

“Hey, Rin.” The other pair of campers sat by the glowing remnants of their fire, all of their food eaten and the coals burned down to low embers.

“Hmm.” Rin’s nose remained firmly buried in her book.

“Well, you didn’t seem very surprised when that woman peed in the lake earlier,” Nadeshiko asked with a questioning tone.

“I was surprised she did it that publicly. Just going standing up isn’t that rare though.” Her shrug was barely visible through the pile of blankets draped over her shoulders.

“Ah, okay. So, wait, does that mean you’ve seen other people do that? Is it some secret thing that I just never learned because I grew up in the country?” The pink-haired girl seemed to get more worked up as she continued.

“It’s not that common, but it’s not like I ask everyone I meet whether they know how,” she said defensively, before continuing a bit more quietly. “I only really know how because it’s useful for camping sometimes.”

“Oh, that does make sense. Everything really does come back to camping for you, doesn’t it?” A much calmer Nadeshiko said, nodding as if she was spouting some sage wisdom.

“Leaving that aside, it’s getting a bit late. We should probably get to bed soon.” As she spoke, Rin stood up and brushed her clothes back into place. “I’ll go get some water to douse the fire.”

“Fiiiine, sleep does sound good,” Nadeshiko said through a yawn, before suddenly perking up. “Oh, what if you showed me how to pee the fire out? We’d be catching two birds with one stone that way!”

“No way.” The darker haired girl immediately shot it down. “It’s way too easy to get burned. Besides, it smells awful.”

“So you’ve tried it then? What was it like? Did you actually have enough to put the fire out?” The pink-haired girl seemed like she was about to burst with questions.

“N-no comment,” she said, turning away to hide the blush on her cheeks and walking off to retrieve the less embarrassing kind of water. “Have fun with the bull spirit.”

“Rin, wait! Don’t leave me alone with it!” Nadeshiko yelped as she rushed to join her friend.

Once the fire had been put out in the safer, more conventional way and the remaining food was packed away, the pair retreated to their tents to change and get some much-needed rest. Nearly as soon as her head had touched the pillow, Nadeshiko was out like a light and within a few minutes she was gently snoring away. For Rin, sleep was proving a bit more difficult to come by. When camping by herself, the rustling of the trees and the sounds of animals were enough to lull her to sleep, but adding another person complicated things. The small sounds of fabric shifting and breathing that didn’t match her own movements were distracting and seemed to keep startling her awake. It would take some getting used to, but that was a small price to pay for companionship. As long as she tried to focus on the sounds of the wind, that second set of movements seemed to blend into the background and soon enough, her eyelids began to feel heavy.

“Hey, Nadeshiko?” she called into the quiet air, not quite expecting a response. “Thanks for inviting me to come camping with you.”

She’d have to find some way of saying it when her friend was awake, but a small smile still spread across her face as she drifted off to sleep.

###

As she snored away, apparently peacefully, Nadeshiko was having a fairly odd dream; she was at school, but in place of any of her usual teachers, Rin was standing at the front of the classroom in a pantsuit and heavy-framed glasses. Adding to the weirdness, she was the only student in the room and everything written on the board looked like formulas to somehow describe how a stream of pee would fly. ‘That’s odd, I didn’t think Rin needed glasses,’ she thought.

“Nadeshiko, please demonstrate the correct way to pee on a campfire for the class.” As if she had somehow sensed that sliver of doubt, the questionably qualified teacher picked that exact moment to call on her pupil.

“Eh? Uh, I-I’m not sure how, I’m sorry, please call on someone else.” Nadeshiko stuttered, feeling her face heat up and willing the ground to swallow her up. As she tried to figure out some way of diverting attention from herself, she suddenly noticed a surge of pressure between her legs.

“Honestly, you’ve had a week to study the material,” Rin chastised her hopeless student. “How do you expect to graduate with that attitude? Get up here and give it your best attempt.” As she spoke, she tapped one foot on the dirt floor. ‘Wait, dirt?’

As Nadeshiko stood up and gingerly made her way to her teacher, trying not to jostle her bladder, she noticed that the desks around her had become trees, and as she approached the place the lectern had been, she now saw a low, smoldering fire.

“What are you waiting for? Pants down, get to it.”

“R-right.” As Nadeshiko pulled down her pajamas, she was pleasantly surprised not to feel the stinging cold on her skin. She faced the small bed of coals, tilted her pelvis slightly up and… nothing. However badly it had felt like she’d needed to pee earlier, it stubbornly chose to remain inside.

‘Ah, this is bad. If I can’t go now, I’m going to fail!’ she thought, trying to draw on that need she’d felt just a little while before, trying to push anything she could out and into a stream. With a bit more effort, a stream began to fly out and into the fire, but for some reason she couldn’t feel any of the usual sensations she’d associate with relief, just a warm breeze caressing the area around her pelvis.

Nadeshiko grumbled a little as she opened her eyes, finding a dark tent instead of the familiar walls of her bedroom as she lay on her front. Why did dreams always have to end just when they were getting to the good part? For that matter, she was still supposed to have a few months left before she started having stress dreams about exams and graduation! ‘At least that nice warm feeling is still there,’ she thought, relaxing back into the comfortable sprawl she’d been sleeping in; the cool fabric of her pillow against her cheek, the gentle weight of the sleeping bag over her shoulders, and that slight wetness against her stomach… wait a minute.

Rolling over and pulling back the covers was a slower, more complicated process in a sleeping bag than it would in her normal bed, but after a bit of fumbling with the zipper, she had a clear sense of what had happened. There wasn’t any mistaking the source of the quickly cooling wetness on the front of her pajamas or the sharp pressure between her legs and feeling of liquid shifting inside her whenever she moved. Rolling onto her side seemed to help, her body was no longer pressing its weight directly onto the slight bulge her bladder made under her skin, but it still took a significant effort to hold back the flood of pee trying to make its way out. She knew that it would only get worse the longer she tried to ignore it and this wasn’t quite a disaster yet; she hadn’t let any more leaks out now that she was awake and her sleeping bag didn’t feel particularly wet.

As long as she could get to the bathrooms soon, very soon, she’d be able to get out of this with just a change of pants. As she was girding herself to get to her feet, a low sound carried across the camp, almost like the call of… a bull. Her bladder didn’t seem to appreciate the shiver that went up her spine, and a few small drops leaked into her already damp underwear. That was a setback, but not an impossible challenge. All she had to do was wait until morning, and then sprint for the bathrooms the instant the sun was above the horizon. She could make it, she was a high schooler after all, she just needed to wait… 4 more hours. As she felt the muscles surrounding her bladder tightening in pulses, she wasn’t sure she’d be able to manage 4 minutes. Maybe just wetting the bed wouldn’t be so bad? She was going to have to wash the sleeping bag anyway and it would be so easy to just relax and let everything flow out, the warm puddle spreading inside her little cocoon.

‘No, no way! Big sis would kill me if I peed in her sleeping bag,’ she told herself. Biting her lip and tensing every muscle she could seemed to hold back the tide, but imagining what it would be like to pee wasn’t helping her situation at all. Waiting until morning simply wasn’t an option, peeing in her tent wasn’t either. If she stayed close to the tent she could make sure the spirit had as little time to catch her as possible, but what if the noise woke up Rin and she saw her peeing? She’d never want to go camping together again! As she agonized over her lack of options, one that probably should have been obvious earlier came to mind; it was a bit embarrassing, but she could ask her friend to help her face the possible spirit. She was pretty sure a grumpy Rin would be a match for anything out there after all.

Crawling to the exit of the tent wasn’t particularly comfortable, but it was a small enough change in posture for her bladder to stay quiet. As she stood up, and then squatted down to put on her boots though, it made its displeasure known; the combination of a sudden shift between rising and falling, followed immediately by a position she often used for peeing had it thoroughly convinced that this was the proper time to empty. As she felt her pee rushing towards freedom, she tried to sit on her right heel, the extra pressure just barely enough to avoid soaking herself.

After a few deep breaths, her body seemed to be used to the new position and she quickly began pulling on her boots. With them on, a flashlight in one hand and the other pressed firmly between her legs, she oh-so-carefully stood up, trying to move as smoothly as she would when carrying a glass filled to the very brim. She hadn’t been able to see it in the dark, but as she took the few steps to her friend’s tent, it became clear that there was a slightly wet patch on the heel of her right sock now.

“Rin. Rin!” she hissed, hoping that the other girl wasn’t too deeply asleep.

“Mmmf, what do you want, it’s not morning yet.” A slurred grumble answered from inside the tent.

“I-I need to go to the bathroom.” The tension was clear in her voice as she held her slightly wet thighs together and shifted her weight back and forth, one toe tapping against the hard dirt of the campsite.

“Then go.” The sounds of fabric shifting hinted at Rin rolling over and trying to fall back asleep.

“I can’t go alone! The bull spirit would eat me!” the pink-haired girl cried. Standing outside of her tent like this, the cold night air was quickly sapping any remaining warmth from her pants and the newly chilly wetness wasn’t helping her efforts to hold at all.

“It’s just an urban legend. Besides, how would a spirit eat you?”

“Eating my soul wouldn’t be any better!” As desperate as she was, she just couldn’t bring herself to head off down the dark path alone. Just to drive the point home, another of those low calls echoed from the woods, and a small dribble leaked from her as she jumped, spreading a small patch of warmth through her underwear again. “Did you hear that? It’s really out there!”

It was becoming increasingly clear to Rin that she wouldn’t be able to go back to sleep until this was dealt with. On top of her friend’s panicking, the pressure she’d felt between her legs when she’d been woken up was getting harder to ignore. She could probably still wait until morning if she had to, but it was uncomfortable enough that she wouldn’t be able to fall asleep easily. As long as she went along with Nadeshiko, she would be able to deal with both distractions at the same time. All she had to do was get out of her cozy sleeping bag and go out into the cold..

“Fine. Just give me a minute to put my shoes on.”

Leaving the warm, soft embrace of a sleeping bag on a winter night was never a pleasant experience, but as the cold air brushed against her skin she could feel a twinge run through her bladder. ‘Maybe thinking I could wait until morning was a bit optimistic.’

She could probably still manage it if she really had to, but it would be a desperate rush to find somewhere to go in the morning, unless she wanted to wash out her tent. It certainly wouldn’t be the first morning she’d had like that; some campgrounds really weren’t laid out to accomodate a desperate girl rushing to the bathroom and she’d needed to find a convenient tree on one or two occasions.

With her coat and boots pulled on, she crawled out into the night, just barely able to make out a shivering Nadeshiko standing in front of the tent.

“Alright, let’s go then.” With a stretch and a yawn, she set off down the small path through the trees, on the normally quick walk to the bathrooms.

As Nadeshiko followed behind her, the other girl seemed to be moving more slowly than usual, her legs pressed firmly together and her coat pulled down in the front, pointing her flashlight in the direction of every rustling branch and snapped twig she could hear. Her nervousness had seemingly contradictory effects. The tension in her body helped to keep her peehole firmly shut and an external pressure applied to keep it that way, but it made her bladder press that much harder for release. The mass of liquid inside it already pressed against her opening, but the additional squeezing of her muscles seemed to double the pressure every time something startled her. As focused as she was on the woods around her and on keeping everything inside her, she didn’t notice Rin stopping in her tracks until she bumped into her friend’s back, letting out a small spurt in the process.

“Oh, sorry, why did you stop?” Nadeshiko asked as she took a step back from her friend.

“Nadeshiko. Look.” As she pointed into the bushes a dark, inhuman shape was visible, two large, glassy eyes glinting in the light.

The groaning from the figure sent a shiver up the pink-haired girl’s spine and another small leak into her underwear. As she pointed her flashlight towards the creature those groans turned into a yelp and a flurry of complaints. “Too early! Five more minutes!”

“Oh, it’s just the drunk lady from earlier,” Nadeshiko said, trying to decide whether that was a relief or a bit of a disappointment.

It was probably the better outcome, but this more mundane result would probably be even more annoying to deal with. Just running away and sprinting for the bathroom wasn’t really socially acceptable when faced with someone older that needed help, even if it was their own fault. As the woman tried to get a grip on the tree next to her, Rin couldn’t help but let out a sigh.

“Go to the bathroom, I’ll try to help her back to her tent.” Rin gestured down the trail towards their destination.

“Ehh, but… are you sure you can carry her yourself?”

“Bathroom, right. That’s where I was going.” The very poor role model interrupted.

“See? If we both help it’ll go faster anyway.” Nadeshiko said brightly.

“Are you sure you can hold it?” Rin whispered to her friend.

“Y-yep! Definitely, you can count on me!” Her words showed a bit more confidence than she actually felt.

“Fine, try to get under her left arm then, I’ll get the right.”

With a bit of a struggle, not helped along by either their passenger or the shaking in Nadeshiko’s legs, they were up and slowly inching along the path again.

As they walked Nadeshiko tried to focus only on keeping her legs pressed together as tightly as possible, even as she kept getting distracted by the shifting burden, draped over her shoulders. Between the usual lack of coordination caused by alcohol and her own attempts at holding herself, walking was more than slightly difficult and each stumble would cause the trio to lurch to one side or other of the narrow path. As they happened, each lurch seemed to jostle their overfilled bladders. After one particularly large lurch, Nadeshiko could feel something a bit bigger than a leak run down her leg. As she panted and tried to catch her breath, she could feel the older woman sliding around on her shoulder as her hand grasped herself between the legs. At nearly the same time, she heard a slurred shout.

“Shtop! Stop!” Their passenger cried, lurching towards a large tree as quickly as she could. Rin had to struggle to keep pace with her, trying not to let her fall over at the last minute

“Be careful! If you move around that much we might drop you!”

Thanks to the narrowness of the path, in just a couple of steps they were close enough to lean against a large tree. Before they’d even reached it, Minami had pulled her left arm away from Nadeshiko’s shoulders and was using it to unevenly tug at her sweatpants, pulling down one side and then the other. As the flashlight played over them, the fabric glistened wetly in the light, and once she’d managed to drag the front of them down to mid-thigh, a dribble of pee was visible, running through the darkened fabric of her underwear. With a slight tearing sound, they were pulled to the side, exposing the stream to rush through the air without obstruction. The pale yellow spray wasn’t nearly as neat as the previous attempt in the lake, her small audience noted.

Where the previous one was careful and deliberate, if somewhat inappropriate, this was simply someone reaching their absolute limit and trying to minimize the damage to their clothes. As the shower of pee struck the trunk, the stream ran down along the furrows in the bark, steam rising as it traveled down to join a growing, foaming puddle among the roots. As she finally got her long-awaited relief, Minami let out a massive sigh, her head lolling over onto Rin’s shoulder, all the steam in the air fogging her glasses.

“Ahhh, that’s so much better.” As she relaxed, a flush spread across her cheeks and she couldn’t help letting her eyes drift closed.

Nadeshiko tried to tear her eyes away, she really did. She tried to give the woman the privacy she probably wanted, assuming she really was an exhibtionist was impolite after all, but something about the stream foaming as it poured against the tree trunk was almost mesmerizing. Just the thought of feeling that sort of relief was so very tempting. Those last few lurching steps had made it quite clear to her that she wasn’t going to be able to make it to the bathroom, but the sights and sounds of an enormous stream just mere feet away were the final straw for her poor bladder. As she stood there, she could feel her own stream beginning to force itself out, that same warmth she’d woken up to quickly spreading through her panties and pajamas again.

As she felt the warm urine soaking into her clothes, she remembered all those safety videos they’d watched in the Outdoors Club about wet clothing and hypothermia, and quickly took the only action that came to mind; in as smooth a motion as she could manage, she pulled her hands from between her legs and tugged her pants down to her knees, goosebumps rising on her thighs as they were exposed to the night air. A small haze of steam drifted around her exposed, and somewhat wet, underwear as spurts leaked from her body. Some formed a dark patch on the fabric and some dribbled right through the saturated panties to land in her pants. Gripping the edge of her underwear was a difficult task with her gloves on and each additional spurt gradually left the tips of the fingers more and more damp.

After a brief struggle, Nadeshiko simply tugged them off and dropped them to the dirt, pulling her underwear to the side with her unencumbered fingers. Finally freed from its cloth prison, the stream making its way out of her privates picked up more momentum, shooting just far enough to land with a gentle patter in the formerly dry leaves between the toes of her boots.

Trying to get some sense of what she should be doing, Nadeshiko tried to take her instruction from Minami’s technique; she couldn’t quite make out the details, but the older woman seemed to be pulling on her privates somehow and so she would do the same. Getting a grip on the wet folds of skin was a bit trickier, especially as she felt her fingers stiffening in the cold air, but as she pulled them up and out, uncovering her opening, her stream began to pick up from intermittent spurts to a small, consistent stream. ‘This is the probably the best I’m going to get for now,’ she thought as she relaxed.

Her bladder didn’t need to be told twice and she could feel a surge of pee rushing down the pipe, soon bursting from between her legs in a chaotic spray of yellow droplets. As that initial burst settled into a more stable flow, the stream calmed slightly into a somewhat messy spray, still dwarfed by the river flowing out of the woman next to her. As her pee rained onto the low growth next to the trail, two clouds of steam formed around the pink-haired girl; one growing around her head as she let out a sigh of relief, the other rising from her stream and the rapidly growing patch of wet leaves at her feet.

As soon as she saw Minami’s hands go to her waistband, Rin had tried to look away, partly out of a desire to give the older woman some privacy, partly for her own bladder’s sake. As they’d walked, something about the cold air seemed to make her bladder fill much faster than usual and she was rapidly approaching her limit. She pressed her eyes shut, but without her hands available there was no way to block the sounds assailing her; the hissing and splashing of a desperately needed pee and the resulting sighs of relief were the absolute last thing she needed to hear right now. As she tried to block them out and fill her mind with any mental image except golden waterfalls, the situation managed to get even worse; a second, only slightly quieter, set of splashes joined the first from relatively nearby. ‘I really hope that isn’t what I think it is.’ Rin muttered to herself.

Turning to look at Nadeshiko without staring at Minami’s stream or privates wasn’t the easiest task, but when she managed it she saw exactly what she’d feared; a very relieved girl with her pants around her knees and a spray of pee glinting in the light of her flashlight as its beam illuminated the steam from two rapidly growing puddles.

“Nadeshiko, what do you think you’re doing?” Rin asked through gritted teeth. If hearing one stream was bad, having two of them blatantly visible was a test of her ability to hold like she’d never felt before. “The bathroom’s right there, and you’re not even drunk.” The effort of keeping her pants dry while holding up someone a good bit larger than her had her legs shaking with effort. “You aren’t drunk, are you?”

“I’m not! I just-” She stopped for a second as a shiver ran up her spine. “I just really, really couldn’t hold it a second longer.” Her chest was visibly rising and falling as she spoke, almost panting at the relief as everything she’d had to drink poured out onto the ground.

“It’s still rude, but… emergencies do happen, I guess,” she muttered. The last thing she wanted to be reminded of right now was the last time she hadn’t been able to make it all the way to the bathrooms in the morning, but the similarities were striking; waking up bursting, moving down the path at an absolute crawl with every tree seeming to beckon to her, before finally just giving in and drenching the trunk of the closest one. No matter how annoying it was, no matter how much she wanted to give up and join them, she just couldn’t bring herself to repeat that with an audience.

“Just try to hurry, okay? She’s heavy.” Rin shifted the burden on her shoulders slightly as she pressed her thighs together.

“Ah, I could try to grab her now.” Nadeshiko offered, trying to shuffle sideways as her stream continued, spattering onto the base of the tree and into the sizable puddle at Minami’s feet.

“Quit that! Just stay over there, you’re going to pee on my boots if you do that.” Rin yelped, trying to find a way to pull her feet away from the line of wet leaves creeping towards them without losing her balance.

As she stood there and peed, Nadeshiko couldn’t help smiling; it really was fun to watch her stream spray through the air, maybe it would be even more fun if she tried peeing in the lake like Minami had earlier? After a quick glance at Rin’s grimacing face, she decided that she’d save that for when she was trying solo camping again. There was still some fun she could have like this though; as she angled her hips a bit, she could see a change in where her stream landed, and she decided to try writing her name. She had just managed to trace out the first character, her stream followed her movements, before it began losing distance as the pressure inside her dropped off as her bladder finally neared empty.

“Ah, no no no, stop!” she cried, hoping her body would listen as it began falling on her pants. With a bit of effort, she pushed her hips as far in front of her as she could, trying to spare her pants any further soaking. After just a little more, the stream faded into a dribble and a couple of scattered drops before stopping completely.

“Ugh, this is going to be really cold until I can get changed,” Nadeshiko complained as she bounced on her toes, trying to shake the last few drops off of her lips before pulling her clothes back up. Her pink underwear looked closer to magenta at this point and nearly everything around the hips of her pants were soaked, but walking halfway across a campground bottomless, as empty as it was, was worse. She still couldn’t suppress a shudder as the cold, wet cloth pressed against her skin. It probably wasn’t the best trade she could have made, but it was nice not to have the waistband digging into her skin anymore though.

Helping Rin would prove more complicated though. While the person responsible for this whole situation, Minami, had one arm draped over the darker-haired girl’s shoulders, the other was rather urgently occupied and unavailable for grabbing. It was busy holding her panties to the side and out of the flood of pee that finally seemed to be slowing. Rather than the rush of urine running down the bark like miniature rapids from before, her stream was falling into the two conjoined puddles near the base of the tree, a haze of steam rising as they sat on top of the frozen ground. With a few last spurts, timed to hiccups, and a massive sigh, even her massive pee was finished.

“That’s better. Now, back to the drinks.” Minami declared, pointing in a direction that quite clearly wasn’t where her tent lay.

As the highschoolers shared a glance, Rin made her own suggestion. “Nadeshiko, how about you help her get back to the camp.” As she gestured, she kept her legs pressed tightly together.

“A-are you sure?” Nadeshiko asked, her eyes flicking between the other two women on the path.

“Yep. Ryouko will probably hear you coming with her like this, just get her to help you if you need it.” Rin fought the urge to just drop the woman and sprint for the bathrooms. “Can you grab her arm?”

Understanding seemed to dawn in Nadeshiko’s eyes, and as they made the handoff she whispered to Rin. “Ah, don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone you wet yourself.”

“I didn’t!” she hissed back, her face bright red. ‘It’s looking more and more likely though,’ she admitted to herself as another twinge ran through her lower body.

“Alright, up we go.” The pink-haired girl’s voice shook with effort and she tried to support her charge as the two of them lurched off down the correct path.

‘I really hope that wasn’t a mistake,’ Rin thought before turning her back on the pair and setting off down the path to the bathrooms as fast as she dared, the bun on her head bobbing up and down on in time with the liquids within her. Things seemed to be going well at first, she could feel that slight tingling that came when leaks were imminent, but none of them had come yet. A few steps and a small slip on a patch of ice brought a moment of panic and a much more urgent pang from her bladder as it objected to the contortions she needed to make to stay upright. There might have been a small amount of warmth and wetness in her underwear that wasn’t there before, but that was just sweat. It couldn’t possibly be anything else, and just as long as she told herself that it would have to be true.

With every step she took, she could feel more leaks fighting to make their way out, but she could see the small structure of the bathroom. She was so close, far too close to give up now, and she held on as hard as she could. 20 meters away, 10 meters, 5 meters, the closer she got to the building the more urgently her bladder tried to get her attention, and she could just feel a stream trying to force its way out. When her hands finally touched the wooden door, she didn’t waste a second before pulling it open and rushing inside. There wasn’t any source of light inside the small building, but she knew roughly where the toilet was and was well beyond caring any more than that about her aim. As she fumbled with the drawstring holding up her pants, her legs twisted together, trying to hold back the flood for just a few seconds longer, before she was able to pull them down along with her darker than usual grey boyshorts.

She couldn’t help but shiver at the cold air, a few small spurts flying forward to land on the floor before she had herself aimed properly and was able to let go in earnest. Unlike the more chaotic streams she’d been forced to listen to earlier, there was very little hissing as Rin emptied her own bladder, just her own heavy breathing and the splash as her stream landed in the toilet itself. The nearly perfect jet of pale yellow liquid arced into the bowl, a small patch of bubbles spreading around its landing point, and she had to fight the urge to slump against one of the nearby walls.

Somehow, she’d actually made it. There were times when camping that there simply wasn’t any option but a tree, but she tried her best to use the bathrooms when they were available. It certainly wasn’t warm in these bathrooms, but just being able to get out of the wind helped and standing up meant she didn’t have to sit on the cold seat. Between the cold and dealing with heavier clothes, knowing how to pee standing really was a remarkably useful skill for camping during the winter.

As her mind wandered, her stream continued to pour into the toilet, lasting nearly a minute before beginning to wane. As the splashing got quieter and her stream died down, she made a small hum of exertion as she tried to cut her stream off. With a slight push, she managed to force the last of her stream out with enough force to keep it from dribbling into her clothes, a step that she’d forgotten the first few times she’d tried doing this with unpleasant results. She wasn’t sure it would make much of a difference this time though, considering the state her underwear was already in; the leaks she’d let out, both on the walk and while waiting for the other two to finish, had made quite a wet patch on her grey boyshorts.

With a sigh, she unrolled enough toilet paper to clean herself up and make at least an attempt at drying her poor, put-upon underwear. Once she’d finished, she tossed the paper into the noticeably yellow and significantly deeper pool of water in the toilet before flushing it all, hiding at least some of the evidence of what had just happened. Even after her attempts at drying them off, she couldn’t suppress a shudder as she pulled her clothes back into place. Once she’d washed her hands and walked back outside, she couldn’t help but marvel at the sight of the full moon over the lake. As annoying or unpleasant as it could sometimes be, sights like this were what made it all worthwhile. Unfortunately, it didn’t take long for a breeze brushing against her rapidly cooling pants to remind her why she had ended up here at all.

‘Maybe I can get changed before Nadeshiko notices.’ she thought to herself, that optimistic thought motivating her as she jogged back to the campsite.

