Even Stevens Part 2 (Ruby's Revenge)

Author: Nineteen

*000*2020-12-08 01:34

Hi everyone! Here it is! The long awaited part 2 to my Even Stevens wetting story from way back in July. Once again, the idea comes from user @LifeIsStrange

, but the writing is all my own. If you missed the first part, you can read it here

! Otherwise, enjoy!

...

The school was quiet the following Monday. The students had spent the weekend accepting the policy as a fact of life, and despite the indignation that some students still felt, a plan proposed by Ren Stevens probably wasn’t a plan that was going anywhere anytime soon. When the bell rang, Tawny got up to leave her first period, not really listening to Louis and Twitty as they babbled about the usual nonsense, until something Twitty said caught her attention.

“Yeah, it was a pretty close call. If I hadn’t had that spare bathroom pass you gave me, I would’ve been toast at practice,” Twitty explained. “I think Tugnut was onto something, though. He asked if I had already gone and I told him he must’ve been thinking of yesterday. I don’t think he really bought it.”

Tawny whipped around. “You almost peed yourself?” she demanded, turning slightly pink as she recalled the details of her own accident, about which rumors still hadn’t died down.

Twitty nodded ruefully, and Louis, Tawny now saw, looked deep in thought.

“I had to go as soon as I got to school,” Twitty explained, “and Tugnut was there when I used my real bathroom pass. I’m lucky he didn’t send me away. That would’ve been--” he blew out his cheeks as if to say not good. Tawny frowned, starting to get lost in her own thoughts, but her reverie was interrupted when Louis spoke up.

“This new bathroom rule isn’t fair at all,” he said seriously. His conviction surprised Tawny, but she continued to listen intently as they made their way out into the hallway. “I’m sick of my friends being laughed at. I’m the one that’s supposed to make people laugh!” Tawny smiled wanly and Twitty looked at the floor. “We need to do something about this,” Louis continued, evoking the same goofy soldier voice Tawny remembered from Coach Tugnut’s office. “Fighting back with the fake bathroom passes isn’t enough. We need to make sure everyone--especially Ren--can see just how dumb this policy really is.”

“Hey!”

The three friends whipped around to see Ruby, one of Ren’s best friends, making her way over to them. Tawny bit her lip--Ruby had heard them scheming. Now Ren would be on her guard. Tawny saw Louis smile sheepishly out of the corner of her eye.

“Oh, uh… he-hey Ruby,” Louis said. “We were just, you know, talkin’ about… about…” he elbowed Twitty hard in the ribs.

“Ow! I mean--” Twitty said, rubbing his side, “--we were just talking about Ren’s policy on… nuggets! In the cafeteria. We want more than four or five nuggets, you know?”

“No ya weren’t,” Ruby responded flatly, looking between the three of them. “You were talking about the bathroom pass policy. It’s the only policy worth talkin’ about right now.”

“No!” Louis retorted.

“Yes,” Tawny intervened. “Yes we were. Why does it matter to you?”

“Because you’re right.” Ruby sighed, eyes darting down the hallway to a cluster of girls gossiping. “Ever since I…” she paused, seemingly struggling to get the words out, “...wet myself on the bus, nobody’s been giving me the scoop anymore! I have nothing to contribute to the paper, and I’m gettin’ real sick of bein’ out of the loop. Plus, you should’ve seen the way my mom reacted when I came in with my pants all wet!”

“Well what do you want us to do about it?” Louis piped up. Tawny stepped on his foot.

“Do you want to help us come up with a plan?” Tawny offered. “To make Ren see that her rule is doing more harm than good?”

“That’s exactly what I want,” Ruby said, nodding happily. “Glad ya caught on so fast.” She began to walk down the hallway, and Tawny hurried to keep up. “In fact, I think I already have something in mind…”

…

Louis was having the time of his life during his study session with Ren the following day. He had broken his previous record for excuses to leave the classroom, pulled out his absolute worst impressions, ignored Ren’s frequent warnings about her future refusal to help him, and had basically been as annoying as possible.

Ren was beginning to feel the frustration as the half-hour went on. Louis had shown up late, meaning that a full half-hour would cost her her usual scheduled bathroom visit, and had continued to be twice as obnoxious as usual since his arrival. If he thinks this is going to make me change my mind about the bathroom rule, she thought, he’s wrong. Even so, his loud ramblings in the style of Adam Sandler were beginning to take their toll. Her head was pounding, and she was eager to get this over with.

“Would it help--” she began, cutting Louis off just as he began to sing, “--would it help if I wrote it up on the board?”

“Sure,” said Louis quickly. Ren cracked a smile that looked fairly painful to Louis and then turned to begin writing on the board. As soon as her back was turned, he sprang into action. He took Ren’s bathroom pass, which she had left sticking out of a folder, and set it right next to her glass of water, which he immediately proceeded to spill on it.

“Ren!” he shouted in false alarm. Ren spun to face him as he wiped up the mess with his shirt, simultaneously tearing the wet bathroom pass to shreds. “I’m sorry,” he said, looking up with a falsely apologetic expression. “I spilled your water.”

“It’s alright,” she said, massaging her pupils before turning back to face the board.

When Ren had finished her diagram on the board and Louis continued to show no signs of interest, she finally lost her patience and dismissed him. Louis left in a hurry. Ren took a deep breath, trying to clear her mind of negative thoughts, then began to gather her things. As she bent down to close up a folder she had left on the table, she felt a sudden twinge from her bladder. Straightening up and lightly brushing the front of her tan pants, she suddenly noticed the shredded remains of her bathroom pass. Sighing irritably, she began to gather up the ruined pieces.

With a trip to the toilet out of the question, Ren’s bladder suddenly felt uncomfortably full. Throwing her remaining things haphazardly into her bag and her spoiled bathroom pass into the trash can, Ren made her way out the door, only to come face-to-face with Ruby.

“Hey Ren,” Ruby said brightly.

“Hi Ruby,” Ren responded, fighting to keep her exasperation and discomfort out of her voice. “Any juicy new gossip?”

“No,” Ruby replied flatly. Ren shot her a glance, surprised by the sudden change of tone, but Ruby didn’t return it. “Any progress with Louis?”

“None,” said Ren, sighing. “He was even worse today than usual. I think he was doing it on purpose.”

“That’s rough,” Ruby said.

“You’re telling me. My head is killing me!” Ren closed her eyes and furrowed her brow, willing the pain in her head away. It stayed put.

“Oh, I’ve got somethin’ for that,” Ruby said, reaching into her bag and producing a bottle full of pills. She popped the lid off and shook one into her hand, which she then extended to Ren, who took the pill and examined it. It looked nothing like any headache pill she had ever seen. She hesitated for a moment, but then her head throbbed again and she popped it into her mouth, leaning over a nearby drinking fountain to wash it down and missing Ruby’s unkind smile. By the time she turned back around, Ruby had collected herself, and the two girls continued towards their next class, Ren barely suppressing her desire to hold herself.

…

By the time her class was halfway over, Ren knew there was something very wrong. Her bladder was throbbing and felt like it was filling at twice the rate it had been for the rest of the day. She sat as still as she could, hands clenched at her sides, not taking notes and maintaining laser focus on the middle of the chalkboard.

Ruby was well aware of her friend’s situation, but tried her best to look clueless as she leaned up to whisper in Ren’s ear.

“I didn’t catch what the teacher just said. Can I take a look at your notes after class?”

“Hu-huh?” Ren murmured, apparently having heard none of what Ruby said.

“Are you taking notes?” Ruby asked.

“Oh, uh…” Ren said, taking up her pencil and beginning to scribble words on the page. “Yeah, of course.”

Ruby knew perfectly well that Ren hadn’t taken a single note all class, and she knew why. Ren might not have realized yet that Ruby hadn’t actually given her a headache pill. Ruby suspected her friend would probably be too distracted by wet thoughts to realize that her headache hadn’t gone anywhere. It would take a while before she realized Ruby had given her a diuretic--in fact, she might not realize at all. Ruby smirked again, listening half-heartedly to her teacher’s ramblings as her mind filled up with her own thoughts regarding Ren’s desperation. She crossed her legs tightly, thinking about just how full Ren’s bladder must be feeling right about now. Abandoning all pretense, Ruby looked Ren up and down, taking in her stiff posture, clenched fists, tapping feet… she had to see what happened next.

Another few minutes ticked by, and soon Ren’s hands made their way into her lap, coming to rest on her upper thighs. Losing interest in her pretend notes, Ren stared at her desk, focusing all her willpower on not holding herself like a little girl. She wasn’t sure how long she could keep this up. Things were getting dire. If she went straight to the bathroom after class, she would probably be fine. It wouldn’t be comfortable, but… wait. Ren didn’t have a bathroom pass anymore. She quelled another wave of anger at Louis and moved on to the next plan. Perhaps she could bluff her way into the bathroom without a pass.

No, no. She was a lot of things, but a great liar was not one of them. It was unlikely that Tugnut liked her enough to let her in just because she asked nicely, and she doubted there was enough good will in the world for Donnie Stevens to get her out of trouble if the coach caught her trying to sneak in and break the rules of her own policy. If her teacher dismissed them early, she might make it to the bathroom before Tugnut finished teaching his own class, but that was taking a big risk. Perhaps she could ask to leave. The teacher didn’t need to know she didn’t have a bathroom pass. She could ask to go, then get to the bathroom and get back without ever running into Coach Tugnut. In fact, the glorified hall monitor would never be any the wiser.

Ren closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and raised her hand. The teacher continued to talk for a moment, then took notice.

“Ren?”

“Yes, may I please be excused to use the restroom?” Ren asked, trying her best not to sound as desperate as she was.

“Of course not,” the teacher said, turning away from her and continuing with her lecture. It took Ren a moment to realize what she had said, but once she had, she couldn’t bite back her indignant question.

“Why?”

“Why?” the teacher repeated. “Well, I should think you, of all people, would know why. It’s school policy now to ask students to wait until their breaks to use the bathroom.” Ren looked at her desk, cheeks burning. She hadn’t really considered it before, but her policy was to blame for her current predicament. “Can you wait?” the teacher asked. Ren nodded, not looking up. “Alright then.”

But the truth was, Ren couldn’t wait, she soon realized. Although she didn’t want anyone to know the extent of her desperation, Ren couldn’t help but sneak glances at the clock on the wall. She still had more than twenty minutes to go, and her bladder was filling up fast. It already required significant effort to hold back the waves of desperation without the use of her hands, and those waves were growing greater and more frequent with every passing minute. She had to come up with a plan.

Ruby bit her lip. This was really getting interesting. Had Ren forgotten that they weren’t allowed to use the bathroom during class anymore? Or was it possible that she was just so desperate that she felt like she couldn’t wait until class was over? Either way, she had embarrassed herself, and Ruby felt her heart beating faster as a result. She couldn’t help it. She was extremely invested. She kept losing herself in fantasies of pee spilling over the edge of Ren’s seat, of the whole class laughing. She didn’t know how much more she could take.

Ren didn’t know how much more she could take. There were only a few minutes left in class now, but she had thrown her dignity to the wind and was now squirming around in her seat, shifting and wriggling in an effort to find some position, any position that would be comfortable for her poor aching bladder. One of her hands was clamped firmly around her crotch and the other had her inner thigh in a death grip. She didn’t know if she would make it. She could feel sweat beading up in her back, sticking her butt and thighs to her chair as she bobbed around. Suddenly, she came to a realization. Without warning, she bolted up from her chair and began to make her way to the door.

“Ms. Stevens, where do you think you’re going?” the teacher demanded.

“Bathroom,” Ren responded, not stopping. She made her way to the front of the room and out the door.

As soon as the door swung shut behind Ren, Ruby stood up and began to follow her. “I’ll get her.”

“No, no,” the teacher said, seeming to wave the notion away with her hand. “She’ll be back. She just had to use the bathroom.” Ruby ignored her and darted through the door before the teacher had a chance to protest. The teacher had been softer with her, but Ruby had no doubt that she would be in just as much trouble, if not more, than Ren when they both got back to class. At the moment, though, she didn’t care.

Ren was well on her way to the bathroom, waddling with both hands clamped between her legs, not caring who saw. When she had begun to plan her way to the toilet, she had had four or five minutes to get to the bathroom before Tugnut got out of his class. Now, it was only one or two, but she was confident she could make it. She rounded the corner to the main hallway and, sure enough, found the bathrooms unguarded. She headed for the door as quickly as she could without pushing her unbearably full bladder over the edge, reached it, pushed, and… nothing. It was locked.

Of course Tugnut wouldn’t leave the door open and unguarded during class. Ren sagged against the firmly locked door and closed her eyes, willing the throbbing pressure in her abdomen to go away. She felt another wave coming on just as a booming voice made her jump. She gasped and felt a squirt of pee hit her underwear.

“Can I help you Stevens?” asked Coach Tugnut, chuckling at her surprise. “Need to do your business?”

“No…” Ren whimpered as she stood and began to walk away. As soon as she was around the corner, she started to grab desperately at her crotch, pulling the crotch of her pants into view to check for pee spots. A tiny drop, not quite the size of a dime, had reached the exterior of her pants. She thanked her lucky stars that it wasn’t larger, but she knew it wouldn’t be long now. Keeping both hands firmly on her crotch, she started to hobble down the hallway, making her way towards the principal’s office. She had no other options. If she couldn’t use the bathroom under the rules she had made, she’d just have to unmake them.

“Ren!” Ruby called out. Ren turned her head slowly, making an effort to stand up straighter, but keeping her hands jammed between her legs. “Hey, Ren, where are you goin’? The bathroom’s back there.”

“Tugnut is blocking the door,” Ren moaned, turning and continuing towards the principal’s office. “I need to talk to Wexler.”

Ruby felt her heart flutter listening to her friend’s desperate whines, but despite her own feelings on the matter, she wasn’t sure what Ren was hoping to accomplish. “Why are you gonna talk to Wexler?”

“I need to get this stupid policy rolled back before I--…” Ren paused, “before anyone else embarrasses themselves because of it.” It was a thin veneer, but Ren didn’t want to admit to herself or her friend that she was on the brink. She didn’t even know if she would make it to Wexler’s office, let alone hold it long enough to speak with him. But she had to. She didn’t want to imagine what would happen if she didn’t. She tried to push the mental image of Larry Beale’s smirking face out of her mind.

“Well I’ll come with you,” Ruby said, walking slowly along beside the waddling Ren. “Two voices will be better than one.”

“Thanks Ruby,” said Ren. Ren was hunched over so that neither girl could see the other’s face, but Ren’s wore an expression of sincere gratitude between grimaces of desperation. Ruby’s was covered in the light pink flush of arousal.

After a long minute, Ruby held the door of Wexler’s office open for Ren, who tried to compose herself as she made her way up to the secretary’s desk. One hand still held the crotch of her pants, but she stood as straight as she could as she addressed the secretary in what she hoped were level tones.

“I need to speak to Principal Wexler,” she said in a barely shaky voice.

“I’m afraid he’s just gone out to lunch,” the secretary told her. “Do you need to go home or something? You don’t look well. I can call your mom.”

“Isn’t there any way you can get him back in here?” Ren asked, bending slightly forward and pressing her hand deeper into her crotch. “Can’t you call him or something?” Ruby could hear the notes of hysteria slipping into her voice and stepped back slightly for a better view. She felt excitement growing in her chest at the idea that Ren might lose control right here in front of the secretary.

“Not unless it’s over the intercom…” the secretary said slowly. “Is it really that big of an emergency?”

“Yes!” cried Ren, leaning over the desk and giving Ruby a great view. “Please, you have to call him in here. Please. Right now!”

“What’s so important that it couldn’t wait a single hour?” the secretary asked, clearly starting to get annoyed with Ren’s tone.

“I just can’t!” Ren whined. “I can’t wait an hour! I’m going to--”

Ruby and Ren gasped simultaneously as a huge wet spot darkened the butt of Ren’s tan pants. Ren moaned loudly and crossed her legs over both her hands.

“Please, please, please just call him,” she begged the secretary, who seemed to finally understand. She reached for the phone, but before she could lift it off the receiver, the door to the office opened and Principal Wexler stepped in.

“I forgot my glasses Darla,” he explained. “Ah, Ren. How can I hel--”

“Principal Wexler, you need to talk to Tugnut right now!” Ren squealed, crossing and uncrossing her legs. “The bathroom policy needs to go!” She was hopping from foot to foot now, doing nothing to hide her desperation. Ruby could tell she was on the very edge.

“Well, I’m sure that can be arranged,” responded Wexler, nonplussed at the situation in front of him. “But if the bathroom pass policy is going to be repealed, we’ll need to arrange a meeting to discuss what’s going to replace it.”

“NO!” Ren shrieked. Wexler jumped, surprised by her negative response, but Ruby, who was still standing behind Ren, could see the real reason for her exclamation. The wetness on her butt had begun to spread down her thigh. “Please, Principal Wexler, please, please, please, please…” Ren pleaded as spurt after spurt of pee escaped her. “Please let me go to the bathroom…” she whined, dropping the façade entirely.

Ruby could hardly believe her eyes. Ren’s pee spread down her right leg, then the left, darkening her tan pants to brown as she ceased her squirming in an attempt to focus all her effort on holding back the flood.

“Please…” Ren moaned, but it was far too late. Ruby could see Ren’s body relax and in an instant pee was soaking her pants front and back. Ruby could hardly believe such a skinny girl had held so much liquid. By the time she was finished, her pants were completely drenched and the office carpet was glistening under the glow of the fluorescent office lights. Ren looked defeated, but didn’t cry. Ruby could barely keep herself together. Her own underwear were soaked for an entirely different reason.

After a long moment, Wexler spoke up. “Ren, I’m sure something can be done about the bathroom policy. I’ve actually heard a number of stories involving situations similar to yours, and I was planning on speaking to you if anything else came up. I just…” he surveyed the scene, searching for the right words, “...didn’t expect it to take place in my own office.”

…

Tawny grinned at Louis and Twitty as she stepped out of the bathroom, drying her hands on her pants.

“What’s got you so happy?” Louis asked.

“Victory,” Tawny sighed. “Sweet victory.”

“What’s wrong with paper towel?” asked Twitty, gesturing to Tawny’s now damp pants.

“Terrible for the environment. I have to go green somehow, now that everyone is able to flush as much as they want,” Tawny explained, shrugging.

“I thought you were happy about the bathroom policy ending,” Twitty reminded her. Tawny smiled again.

“I am,” she said. “Sorry.” She looked down the hallway at Ruby, who was standing amidst a gang of girls and whispering excitedly, and at Ren, who was attempting to sneak out of the school’s newspaper office without being seen. Just as she decided to make a break for it, Larry Beale and his cronies turned a corner at the far end of the hall.

“Hey Stevens!” Beale shouted. Ren stopped dead in her tracks, clearly expecting an insult. “Thanks for coming to your senses.”

“I guess I can live with a little wasted water.” Tawny said, as she, Louis, and Twitty started off for their next class.

...

I hope you enjoyed the story (and that I didn't miss any typos)! I really enjoyed writing it and it's one of my favorite pieces I've done so far, so don't hesitate to let me know if you liked it (or even if you didn't--I'm always open to constructive criticism). If you have any requests for stories you'd like written, DM me or just mention them in the comments. Thanks for reading!

*002*2020-12-08 03:41

{{1 hour ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Hot damn that was amazing!

}}

I'm really glad you liked it!

*004*2020-12-08 23:49

{{19 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved that story it was a very enjoyable read

}}

Thank you!

