A Personal Challenge

Author: NeuroNonsense

*000*2016-03-23 03:02

She was tingling with anticipation as she stood in line to get her movie ticket. Today’s the day, she thought to herself. Today’s the day I’m finally going to do it. She had been planning to try this for weeks now, but had never been able to work up the courage. But here she was, at the theater, buying a single ticket to Superhero Movie 54, in the late afternoon.

The movie had been out for quite a while, now, so there were certainly very few people that would be going out to see it. And on top of that, it was 4pm and still very much light out- Long before the general rush of people. The theater was practically guaranteed to be empty, and she was as excited as she was nervous. She had never done something like this before. She had always fantasized about it, but never thought she’d build up the courage to actually go do it.

She paid for the ticket, responded to the clerk’s “Enjoy your movie!” with a meek “thank you,” and hurried inside. The next step in her plan was to get a drink. A big one. So she ended up getting a large Mountain Dew (No ice means more liquid) and, just because she loved them, a bag of Skittles. The size of the drink looked like it held more liquid than her stomach and bladder could combined, which (Although intimidating) was perfect.

By this point, she was getting more anxious about her plan. She was holding her giant bucket of soda, fidgeting slightly, and she was slowly realizing more and more that this was actually happening. Her clothing choices could have been more subtle, but if she was going to do this, she was going to go all-out. She had read plenty of stories of girls ending up in this kind of situation (Although not usually this intentionally, or planned out), but they would wear shorts or skirts to allow them to easily pee without noticeable markings on their clothes. But that didn’t seem as fun to her, so she wore black tight jeans, a gray t-shirt, and her favorite dark blue hoodie. It was a bit of a warm day, but she figured she could tie the hoodie around her waist to hide some of it, if she needed to.

She loved the feeling of tight jeans sticking to her, warm all the way down. She loved the sensation as those first couple drops traced paths around her legs, making her shiver all over. She thought to herself, where’s the fun in wetting a skirt? You pee and you’re done and you made a mess. But she loved it for the pure sensation of it all. The relief and the mess were just small bonuses to her.

She was dismayed to find there were seven other people in the theater- Two couples, three individuals, here and there. Probably taking a break from their days for a quick movie. Luckily, she found a seat all the way in the back, off to one side, that was distant from everyone else. As she approached her seat, she got more and more antsy. She couldn’t tell if she had to pee yet at all, or if it was just nerves (Probably both), but she knew that as soon as she sat down, she would be right where it would eventually happen. As soon as she sat down, she would be in the future “crime scene.”

And now here she was, sitting in a nearly-empty theater, staring at stupid movie trivia and chugging her body weight in soda. She wanted to drink as much as she could early, so she had more time during the movie for the desperation to really hit her.

###

By time the movie started, she was already shifting uneasily in her seat, casting glances around at the other people (None of which were returned, of course). She realized that she didn’t really need to pee that badly, but she was just getting more and more excited. The novelty and disbelief of this is really going to happen was wearing off, and it was steadily being replaced by a determination to make it happen. It no longer felt unreal to her, but more like a personal goal that she needed to meet.

Not yet, she kept telling herself. Don’t leak, don’t let anything out. Not until you hit your breaking point. She had to talk herself out of letting go multiple times- Not because she was overly desperate or anything, but just because she wanted to start it right now. But she wasn’t ready yet; her bladder wasn’t ready. Not yet… Wait… Drink more… She was so very excited, and so very impatient about it.

It was maybe halfway into the movie when she let out her first involuntary leak. She squeaked in surprise, but fortunately, it was at a loud point in the showing, so no one noticed. She noticed, though, and she could feel her face turning bright red in embarrassment. Her jeans didn’t feel damp at all yet, so it wasn’t a major loss in pressure. Her soda was almost entirely gone, and she had been so distracted by this mission of hers that she barely ate any Skittles. The leak was the beginning of the end for her, though, and her desperation was rising quicker and quicker. She was no longer even trying to sit still, one leg folded up under her as she rocked from side to side frantically. “I need to pee...” she muttered under her breath. Barely a whisper- It was more of a confirmation to herself that she did, in fact, need to urinate. She kept looking around, constantly afraid that someone would hear her mutter something, or the shifting fabric of the chair.

She slowly began to steady herself with deep, slow breathing, and her rocking slowed down as she grabbed herself less and less. “I’m okay… I’m okay” she whispered over and over, as if trying to convince herself it was true. This isn’t good enough. I can wait way longer. It’s going to feel so incredible. She was still very anxious about it, but now she felt like she was going for a record. Longest hold in movie theater history after drinking an aquarium of soda, she thought. And no one seems to be suspicious of me!

Her soda was finished five minutes later, and she was back to rocking back and forth on her heel. She felt like she was nearly at the top of the highest drop on a roller-coaster, staring down into the inevitable. It filled her with a strange mix of excitement and dread, but the dread itself was exciting. It was a feedback loop of emotions that she was stuck in when her next major leak caught her by surprise. A quick jet of pee, maybe two seconds long, soaked her seat a fair bit. The warmth was noticeable to her now, and a bit of it was trickling down her leg. She inhaled sharply at the sensation of it, which may have been a mistake- It caused another, slightly longer leak to follow. Her bottom felt almost hot now, from this new wave, and two more tendrils worked their way down her legs.

This was it. The warmth was too exciting, and she was too exhausted, to keep it contained anymore. But if she was going to do this, it wasn’t going to be an accident. It would be on purpose. So she uncrossed her legs, planting both her feet on the ground, and sat still. In this final moment, her panic overwhelmed her desire. She was terrified of someone catching her in the act- So much so that she couldn’t release it just yet. Everything’s okay, no one even cares. Relax… Relax… She kept trying to reassure herself, get herself to calm down, but the movie was quiet, so surely, someone would hear something… This was the calm before the storm- Both for her, and the movie.

In her stillness, a long, four-second leak hissed out of her into her jeans, warming the seat. This one dribbled all the way down her legs, too, and as much as she loved the sensation, it was still too quiet in the theater. Someone will notice! Stop! Run to the bathroom! She blushed deeply and gathered her hoodie up around herself, trying to hide and regain her resolve. No, she thought defiantly. I’ve come this far, I’m not backing out. Besides, I’m not sure I can stand up… It was this realization that granted her courage again: She was wetting herself, one way or another. She can wet herself here, quietly in this seat at the back of an empty theater, or struggle down the stairs, out into the lobby, peeing the whole way. With this in mind, she decided that she was at least going to enjoy the experience.

The movie picked up again as a climactic battle started, and similarly, she was able to release her muscles. Even over the sound of the fight scene before her, she could hear the hiss of the hot jet of urine flowing out of her, uninhibited. The seat got warmer, hotter, wetter. It started pouring down her legs, criss-crossing all around and down to pool under her feet. She could hear the splatter of the pee dripping from her legs to the hard floor beneath her, and she felt the pool of liquid grow. Her hand instinctively went to her crotch as her head tipped back and her eyes closed, mouth half-open in a silent moan, when she caught herself. Not here, she thought. She squeezes herself gently, fighting against her temptations to do more, and she was still peeing through her jeans, as well as the seat by this point.

A couple seconds later, the flow stopped and the dripping slowed. She opened her eyes and snapped back to her surroundings, suddenly terrified. How loud was that? How obvious was I? Oh god oh god oh god… She was looking all around, and her heart skipped a beat when she caught someone looking her direction. She stared at them, panicking, but… no, they weren’t looking at her. Just to the side. They turned back to the screen and she let out a shaky breath. Then a shaky smile. I did it. She was still ecstatic from the experience.

###

Quietly, she grabbed her things and shifted over a seat. She decided to place the empty cup on its side in the middle of the cushion, too, for a couple reasons. People wouldn’t immediately assume someone wet themselves here, and the cup would be a signal for something that needs to be cleaned up. She felt guilty about the work she just created for someone else, especially since she genuinely didn’t think about it before this. If only for that reason, she probably wouldn’t do this again, but she still considered it a great experience- Even if the guilt did sit at the back of her mind for a couple of days.

She finished her Skittles without a drink, finished the movie (Which she wasn’t really following anyway), and got up to leave. Her legs were still pretty damp, but it didn’t show much, so she decided to keep her hoodie on. As the small group of them filtered out of the theater, a couple of them cast glances at her, but definitely no concrete accusations. Still, she felt herself blush a bit with each one, looked down, and hurried out to her car.

The drive home was uneventful, and it was just starting to get dark. Well, she thought. That was something new. She laughed awkwardly, alone in her car.

*002*2016-03-23 03:09

{{: 

Wonderful story. <3

}}

Thanks! :)

*007*2016-03-25 06:42

{{: 

Very enjoyable. We don't get to know anything about her, really - it's just her and her mission to pee her pants in a theater. But I think it works.

}}

Thanks! I was going for anonymity with her character, definitely. I still wanted to portray some character, and make her someone you could wonder and speculate about, but that's all.

*009*2016-04-03 07:55

{{: 

Excellent. It will be interesting to know how much the positive experience tempts her to do it again, perhaps just on impulse!

}}

I was considering trying out a handful of different anonymous characters in various situations (either gender), but if people want to see this single character developed, I likely wouldn't be opposed. :P

I really do like building someone up from nothing, though. This was essentially a test run, and I think I could've done way more character development.

