A bimbos gym mishap

Author: Neoneva

*000*2024-09-28 16:02

This story was inspired by an image made by @TheWetEditor

&&

Beep beep beep an alarm clock rang out waking up a very annoyed Adriana, she quickly turned the thing off.

“Ughhhh nine’o clock is too early” she said before begrudgingly getting out of bed. Adriana absolutely hated getting up this early especially on a Saturday, but like it or not if she wanted to avoid a crowded gym this was the only option she had. Adriana walked over to dresser and pulled out her outfit for today, a white thong, some very small pink booty shorts, and a pink top that could barely contain her double d’s.

Was it a little too skimpy for workout clothes absolutely but to our bimbo the amount of stares she got was more important. Now dressed in her slutty outfit of the day our bimbo made her way into the bathroom where her bladder painfully made its presence known. “Oh I really gotta go potty” the bimbo said before waddling over to her toilet.

She pulled her thong and shorts down planted her plump ass on the seat and released a torrent of pee down into the bowl.

“Ahhhhhhhhh this feels so good” the pee kept running out of her like it was trapped in her bladder for a week, it splashed into the water below creating an echo that reverberated throughout her bathroom,but even a violent rainstorm must turn into a trickle eventually and after a minute of peeing Adriana had a very empty and very satisfied bladder, “I think I might have had a few too many drinks at the club last night” Adriana said, with her morning piss out of the way the bimbo carried on with her morning routine. 

Adriana exited the kitchen and went to the living room to tie her pink sport shoes and finally she entered the kitchen and pulled out her water bottle and five Starbucks espressos, which she eagerly drank. Finally she grabbed her keys locked her front door and made her way to the car, she exited her apartment complex and began the drive to her gym well it was more like waiting in traffic and praying you’ll have a green light, but that’s life in Los Angeles, luckily for her the traffic was light today so she was only stuck for 30 minutes instead of the usual hour.

While waiting for the cars in front of her to move Adriana was hit by a slight twinge in her bladder “I might have drank a little too much espresso today, it’s fine I’ll just pee at the gym” ten minutes have passed and the bimbos urge only got worse she was now jiggling her thighs and Adriana was rubbing her pussy whenever she could.

“I really need to pee, I’m never drinking five coffees again”

Twenty minutes later and Adriana now had one hand permanently glued to her crotch “Why won’t these cars move, there’s a hottie who really needs a potty, I might have to just pee in the parking lot, I really can’t hold it much longer” Thirty minutes and the cars started to move again “Fucking finally, I’m about to soak my thong” now it was just a ten minute drive and our bimbo can finally relieve her aching bladder or that’s what she thought at least, turning into the parking lot Adriana found a spot that was right next to the entrance and more importantly the bathroom.

But when she got to the entrance she was greeted by Alejandro her personal trainer and the reason she was willing to get up so early. He was like something out of Adriana’s fantasy tall, muscular, with perfect black hair and very very flirty. “Here I thought you would like this”he handed Adriana a Starbucks espresso, Adriana took the bottle and started drinking “I swear you wear less clothing every time I see you, you might as well show up naked tomorrow” He said, Adriana took a swig from her espresso and responded with “Maybe I will…coach”

“I’d have to show you a new workout if you did”Adriana smiled “Will this new workout involve the bulge in your pants”. Alejandro blushed and shifted his pants a little. “Finish your drink and then we’ll head inside”Adriana quickly chugged her coffee, threw the bottle in the trash can and was about to walk into the gym,but she made the mistake of walking in front of Alejandro, which gave him the perfect opportunity to slap Adriana’s plump ass, “Hey, save that for the bedroom you naughty boy” Adriana let out a small laugh, Alejandro smiled and quickly followed her as she walked into the gym and past the bathrooms without even noticing. The two walked to the end of the gym and into a small room that was perfect for just two people,“Before we start let’s do some stretching”

“Spread your legs like this” Adriana followed her coach’s instructions but when she spread her legs Adriana was suddenly reminded about how badly she needed to piss. Oh I forgot to go to the potty, but we only just started I don’t want to ask to take for a break already, I’ll just wait until stretch’s are over, I can wait until then…hopefully “Very good Adriana, now you’re going to want to bend down and touch the floor in between your feet”. Alejandro said suddenly, Without thinking Adriana obeyed, “excellent now hold that pose for thirty seconds, I’ll even count out loud so you don’t get confused” 

Just thirty seconds that’s not bad, I can hold my pee for that long but while she was stretching her sixth espresso had made its way into her bladder, it was too much and now matter how hard her muscles tried they couldn’t hold all of it in and leak escaped into Adriana’s thong shortly after another leak escaped, oh no oh no I’m not gonna be able to hold it much longer when will this stupid stretch end. 

“Thirty, you can close your legs now” Adriana quickly brought her legs back together and started crossing them furiously. “Are you okay” Alejandro asked, “No I need to so bad right now” Adriana was now bobbing up and down,the movement causing her massive tits to almost fly out of her top, “Coach please let me use the bathroom”

“I would, but are bathrooms are being repaired right now, do you think you can hold it?” Adriana was in a full potty dance “Coach I’m already leaking into my thong, I’m seriously about to have an accident here”

“Well you don’t have another choice”

“Coach I’m not kidding if I don’t get to a potty in the next five minutes I’m going to have an accident”

“Okay, there is a staff only bathroom, but if I’m going to let you use it you have to honestly tell me you’re having an emergency”

“Coach I’m squeezing my pussy for dear life, I swear to you I’m having an emergency”

“Follow me” Adriana was so desperate that she couldn’t even walk instead she had to waddle which the gym goers took as an excuse for her to show off her seductive ass, soon catcalls echoed throughout the gym, if Adriana wasn’t on the verge of pissing herself right now she would be flirting with everyone there. She kept wadding her hands were holding onto her pussy like a vice, but with each step her bladder was growing weaker, it was constantly leaking soaking Adriana’s thong and it was also sending out brief spurts that were starting to stain her pink shorts.

After two minutes she reached a hallway and saw Alejandro inserting a key into the door, she knew that was the bathroom and Adriana quickly sped up, Alejandro quickly got out of the way, Adriana reached the door turned its handle but as soon as opened it her bladder gave out and her piss was soaking through her shorts and splattering on the ground below, Adriana couldn’t believe that she was pissing herself this close to a potty.

Her stream just kept pouring out of her forming a puddle so big some of it pooled into the hallway. Alejandro just stared, Adriana was the sexiest woman he’d ever seen and here she was pissing herself right in front of the toilet, he couldn’t have been more aroused. Forty-five seconds later and the glorious stream of pee finally ended, Adriana started to cry she was a grown woman but she had the bladder control of a toddler, she didn’t notice it but Alejandro was right in front of her he wiped the tears from her eyes and whispered “That was the hottest thing I’ve ever seen you do”

“You enjoyed watching me pee?, you are such a naughty boy”

“well what are you gonna do about it” Adriana closed the door “I think I have an idea” She stripped her pee soaked thong and shorts off and tossed them to the side, Alejandro quickly pulled down his pants as well.

*002*2024-09-29 15:15

{{26 minutes ago, rfthawne said:

This was a very fun story! I'd definitely be interested in reading more stories about Adriana!

}}

Well if you have any ideas for a sequel let me know

*005*2024-09-30 20:11

{{16 hours ago, rfthawne said:

Maybe one where she gets desperate while out clubbing? She could even have other bimbo friends with her that get desperate as well.

}}

There is a clubbing prequel in the works.

{{20 hours ago, zalek said:

I have an interesting idea. There is another girl who trains in this gym and is in love with Alejandro. She is a friend of the director of the gym and saw what happened from the camera footage and decided that Alejandro likes girls with a full bladder. So she decides to come to training every day with a strong desire to pee. Adriana finds out about this and they start competing with each other to see who can wait longer. And Alexandro trains them while they have a full bladder. In the end, they make a big puddle and Alexandro takes them to his office.

Sorry if something is not clear, I used Google translator, because I do not know English well.

}}

I understood it perfectly, do you have any ideas on what this rival looks like, or are you okay with anything?

*008*2024-10-13 13:40

{{14 hours ago, mipmixer said:

Where did you find that image? I don't see it on his twitter. Does he have more somewhere else?

}}

That’s odd it should still be on there

