Self Taught Witch

Author: Nimbus

*000*2020-09-01 15:42

Introducing my latest character, a fledgling witch named Rebecca! I hope you enjoy!

Only the soft trickle of fading sunlight through the windows gave any indication of time’s passage within the library. A comforting silence and stillness existed among the books, only to be occasionally interrupted by the scratching of pen on paper, or the flutter of a flipped page. In one corner sat a young dark-haired woman dressed in a witchy asthetic. She hurriedly jotted down notes in her journal. Across the table she occupied were dozens of reference books stacked in little piles and pushed aside for her real prize, a small book collecting references to esoteric rituals and mediation techniques recorded across history.

The woman—Rebecca—however, understood what the author of the book did not. One of the particularly elaborate rituals documented in the book was more than a simple method to collect one’s self. It was a spell. Perhaps she could not decipher the incantation that thee author left untranslated, but she recognized the cadence and the power the words held. The methodical hand and finger movements, likewise, were more than just gestures to focus the individual “on the moment.” They were casting a spell.

Rebecca smirked at the author’s naivete. Perhaps the only useful thing the author had accomplished, beyond publishing something far greater than she could understand, was shedding some light on what the spell would to accomplish. While the author, for whatever reason, chose not to translate the “ritual’s” incantation, they did note that the ritual’s purpose was to provide the participant with peace of mind. Perhaps the spell was some sort of safety charm or defensive magic. Or maybe it will pay my bills. Rebecca mused to herself.

Once she had finally completed transcribing the spell into her journal, Rebecca felt herself tingle with excitement. She couldn’t contain herself. She needed to try out the spell immediately, see what new magic she had stumbled upon. Rebecca also felt something else. Alright, spell first, and then I can use the little witch’s room. She drummed her fingers on the table softly, pressed her feet firmly into the ground, and readied herself to cast.

“Excuse me,” A pleasant voice rang out from behind Rebecca. “The library is closing. If you can please exit the building, I will take care of your books for you.”

Startled, Rebecca turned to face a middle-aged woman with light hair tied up in a neat bun. The librarian had a mask of kindness on her face to match her warm, if insincere, voice. She waited patiently for Rebecca to gather her things. Okay, well, I guess no spell and no bathroom. That’s Okay. I just… will walk home and try it there.

“Oh, okay. Sorry for keeping you.” Rebecca apologized. She shoved her notebook into a backpack before slinging the back across her shoulder.

“Oh, it’s no trouble.” The librarian smiled. Despite her performance, Rebecca could tell the librarian wasn’t thrilled to clean up after Rebecca. Still, it was business as usual, as far as Rebecca could tell.

Once outside, Rebecca began to understand the gravity of her situation. She bit her lip softly. Rebecca inhaled through her nose, shutting her eyes for a moment, she mentally geared herself for the journey home. “Alright, let’s go.” She began walking down the sidewalk, her gait somewhat stiff and awkward.

Okay. Okay. Okay. I am NOT going to pee my pants. I am definitely going to make it home. It’s only a twenty-minute walk. I can do that. I mean, five minutes ago I didn’t even notice that I needed to use the bathroom. So… uh… what was I thinking. Rebecca’s walking was beginning to resemble something more akin to arrhythmic dancing with irregularly paced and eratic steps.

Alright, new idea. Distract myself again. Think about the spell. The spelly spell. Um… no! Come on. Rebecca curled her fists tightly. So uh, it’s not a combative spell. The incantation is too long, too many hand movements. And it’s not an actual ritual; it’s too short and doesn’t really require any materials or circumstances to be cast. It has to do with um peace of mind. I could REALLY use some peace of mind right now.

It wasn’t so much a conscious decision as much of a compulsion for Rebecca when her fingers began to mimic the diagrams she had copied from the book. Not unlike a maestro conducting an orchestra, her hands moved through the air in steady, precise movements. Sparks of light bounced off her dancing fingers. In a soft, somewhat sing-songy voice she spoke the words of the incation. She wasn’t sure what she was saying; couldn’t even pinpoint what language she was speaking. Slavic maybe? It didn’t matter. She didn’t strictly need to know what she was saying to cast the spell. Knowing would undoubtedly help the process but right now she just needed to cast. She REALLY needed to cast.

Deliberation was only one aspect of casting. Incantation and hand positioning were just as vital to performing magic, and in lieu of a clear goal, they would have to carry Rebecca through the spell. Besides, there some vague sense of what the spell would accomplish. Rebecca also had a hope for what the spell would accomplish. She hoped it would keep her dry.

The last words of the spell passed between Rebecca’s lips, her hands moved into the final position, finishing the spell. The spell should have cast. Why didn’t the spell cast? Throughout the spell, Rebecca had felt the familiar build-up of magic: first in her chest, then spread through her body, racing through her arms like lightning. She had seen the energy of the spell ripple from her hands, crackle off her fingertips, and sizzle in the air between movements. Then at the last moment, it died. There was no release. No final eruption of magic bursting out of her hands like fireworks.

“What the hell?” Rebecca demanded from nobody in particular. “God damn it!”

Immediately she began again. Vague—possibly Slavic—words in a sing-song voice. Light bouncing from fingertips, dancing in the air. She nurtured the energy that crackled inside her chest, let it grow and spread within her, coaxed it to travel down her arms, begged it to exit her, and enter the world. The spell declined. She began again. And again. And again. With each failure, her desperate fervor grew, more and more she pushed herself to perform, to bend the fundamental nature of the world to her whims. Each effort ended the same.

Very quickly, Rebecca’s desperation had less and less to do with her full bladder. Her dancing began to descend into waddling, and she openly grabbed herself between attempts. She didn’t care. Or rather she didn’t notice. Her body was regulating itself, waging war independent of her awareness. Her focus was on finding the flaw in the spell, not making sure she didn’t look like a fool in public. It was a miracle she didn’t just let go.

It’s not a requirement thing. There were no requirements specified. I mean, the author didn’t even translate the incantation, so maybe he left out three tablespoons of eye of newt or… god damn it! They can’t do this to me. The spell has to be complete. This has to work. It isn’t fair!

Rebecca’s hand movements became more and more sloppy. Her efforts to cast the spell were rushed; practically spitting out the words, an extra edge to how she enunciated, her movements a little more forceful in their execution. She balled her fists till her knuckles turned white between attempts and stomped her feet in frustration. Why the hell wasn’t the spell working? Her mind raced a mile a minute, but not towards troubleshooting the spell; instead, it echoed bitter sentiments towards the author and things she’d like to do to pay them back for this cruel trick.

Rebecca bit back the urge to scream. There was no longer a finesse to how she performed the spell. It was more akin to a monkey at a typewriter trying to write a novel. Perhaps if there were an infinite amount of Rebeccas, they’d manage to cast the spell. But there was not an infinite amount of Rebeccas. There was one, and she couldn’t figure out the damn spell. She could barely keep from wetting herself, even if she wasn’t entirely conscious of that fact.

By the time Rebecca made it to her apartment, she must have completed hundreds of permutations of the spell. However, many of the last few attempts were more or less the same exact effort just with increasing frustration and bitterness behind the words and movements. She stumbled through her door with one hand buried in her crotch. She was barely cognizant of taking off her shoes. One more try. It has to work. I’m so close.

Rebecca managed to draw back the acid in her voice as she recited the incantation, move with a little more grace and a little less anger. This time the spell was going to work. It had to work. She didn’t know what she was saying, but Rebecca spoke the words as if she was commanding the world to shift around her, bend to her will, and do something spectacular. The energy flowed through her, traveled down her arms, her palms tingled as the spell approached its climax. She spoke the final word.

The spell left Rebecca’s body with a shudder, her eyes fluttered, and she sighed deeply, swooning slightly. The air was electric. Goosebumps ran down her arms and legs, the hair on the back of her neck stood up, her eyes struggled to focus for a moment. The spell finally cast, and the frustration she felt washed away in an instant. She couldn’t help but smile.

…What did the spell do? There wasn’t a flash of light or puff of smoke. There wasn’t even a sudden flock of doves or a rabbit crawling out of a hat. Rebecca had absolutely no idea what she just did. Maybe she had an invisible forcefield now? Or perhaps that spell really did just give you peace of mind. Except she didn’t feel very peaceful. In fact…

“Oh my god.” Rebecca collapsed to her knees. She had already had one hand in her crotch, but she quickly added her second hand to the effort, an epic battle for the dryness of her panties. She bounced on her knees to regain her composure. Without the distraction of her frustration or wonder, she was suddenly very conscious of how close she was to losing control, which was very close. A groan escaped her lips.

She hadn’t noticed how rapidly she had grown desperate on the walk home. She hadn’t noticed how often her hand found itself tucked between her legs after each attempt, nor had she noticed how often she stopped to cross her legs, bend over at the waist, bounce up and down while trying to piece together what was inhibiting the spell. She didn’t even notice when the twenty-minute walk had nearly run her an hour.

Now all she could do was notice. Notice how her bare midriff bulged and pressed against her suddenly very tight denim shorts, and how incredibly painful that pressure was. Notice how every fiber of her being begged for sweet relief, how the agonizing blockage preventing the spell from releasing was now echoed by the raging river that raced to the end of her peehole only to be stopped short of relief, raging waves now beating angrily at the barrier between the ocean inside her and her dry underwear. It consumed all her focus, just like the spell she had done moments before.

Rebecca mustered every ounce of strength she could to struggle to her feet. Both hands stayed glued to her crotch while she waddled to her bathroom. She didn’t run through the door because she could barely hobble, but she hobbled as fast as she could towards her porcelain savior. Relief was within reach. She reached the threshold of the bathroom, tears in her eyes, and bounced backward with a crash.

Rebecca’s panties weren’t quite dry anymore. Her fingers dug into the skin between her thighs, and her body rocked on its side in an effort to stop the hot rush of wetness spreading in her underwear. She managed to stem the flow, but just barely. It took her a few moments to be secure in that, though. Even longer to work her way back up to her feet. She hobbled towards the doorway and leaned her forward against the air between her and the bathroom. She met resistance. A force kept her from the bathroom.

“What?” Her eyes were wild, panicked. Then it dawned on her. “Right, right. The spell, it uh, solidified air?” How does that give me peace of mind exactly?

Rebecca pressed her shoulder against the invisible barrier and tried to push hard enough to force it open. It didn’t work. No amount of force seemed to gain entry. “Okay. What the hell? Let me in, Damn it!” Rebecca dared to withdraw a single hand to bang against the barrier. The barrier did not respond. “Okay. New plan.” Rebecca waddle marched to her kitchen to grab a knife. “I’m going to rip you to shreds.” She wiggled her hips and curled her toes before plunging her knife into the doorway. The blade didn’t pierce the barrier; instead, the barrier deflected the knife, and Rebecca narrowly missed accidentally stabbing her thigh. A spurt of pee escaped her.

“You can’t keep me out of my own bathroom, damn it!” What was the trick to this spell? Was there a magic word she needed to end it? How long would it take for her to figure out what the word was? Rebecca wasn’t going to last much longer, let alone long enough to figure out how to dispel the barrier. She crossed her legs tightly, shaking from side to side. A quick flourish of her free hand created a bright ball of blue light, burning with energy. She felt herself begin to lose control. She had to break that barrier down NOW. The ball of light lurched forward, crashing into the barrier. The walls shuddered with the collision, but the energy only seemed to ripple across the barrier impotently. No! “No!”

The raging ocean inside her escaped her body with a shudder. A golden shower rained out beneath her, splattering on her carpet, soaking into the fibers. Rivers of hot pee drizzled down her legs snaking across the inside of her thighs, dancing along the backside of her calves. Her tights glistened with her wetness. The hand she left holding herself was saturated with the rush of pee gushing between her fingers. She wasn’t holding anything back.

Rebecca collapsed to her knees, letting the last of her bladder’s contents trickle out of her. She rested her forehead against the barrier in defeat. All the defiance and strength had left her body. She had emptied herself of pee and ideas. “It’s my bathroom. Just let me in.” She pleaded. “Please.”

Rebecca suddenly lurched forward; the resistance of the barrier no longer present. She found her face pressed against the cold tile of her bathroom floor. She had finally gotten in.

“Are you kidding me?” She screamed.

I really hope you enjoyed this story! I had a lot of fun writing it and coming up with this new character. I actually posted a drawing of Rebecca wetting in my art thread

If you'd like to check that out. Anyway let me know what you think!

*002*2020-09-01 17:35

{{14 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a great story and a very enjoyable read

}}

Thank you! I'm glad you enjoyed it

*005*2020-09-01 22:54

{{12 minutes ago, Bismiris said:

Is the spell designed to close off bathrooms until the caster is done?

}}

The spell closes off a room until someone says politely asks to come in. The joke being the magic word to end the spell is of course "please." In my head the spell is designed to keep rude people out and thus give the caster peace of mind from needing to deal with them.

*007*2020-09-02 20:45

{{1 hour ago, Bismiris said:

Ok. That would be very useful irl.

}}

Absolutely!

*008*2020-09-03 22:35

{{On 9/1/2020 at 4:26 PM, Bronwyn said:

Great story! I love the character and the concept!

}}

Thank you! I'm glad you liked Rebecca. I have plans for more misadventures for her to deal with

*010*2020-09-14 11:14

{{2 hours ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

I really enjoyed this story, especially the part where she loses control! I was interested from the beginning because I love cute witches, and this didn't disappoint! I could complain that you don't describe Rebecca's appearance in much detail, but summarizing her outfit as "a witchy aesthetic" is entertaining in its own right. My only serious complaint is that the twist about the spell isn't conveyed very well. I didn't get it until I read your response to Bismiris, and when I read the ending over I still didn't think you made it clear. Otherwise a very fun read!

}}

Thank you! I really appreciate the feedback. Looking back I agree I could have conveyed the twist better.

*012*2020-12-20 17:14

{{7 hours ago, ilikeadultvids said:

I had this tab open for a while to read. I finally got around to it. Nice story, but not quite what I was expecting. I was expecting the peace of mind spell to kick in and Rebecca would no longer hold onto resistance and she would begin pissing herself or something like that. I suppose that would have been the more predictable story, at least to me. Either way, I enjoyed this read. Thanks for sharing.

}}

That's an interesting idea! I really just wrote this story for the joke of having a "what's the magic word" joke but I missed the mark on that one. I'm glad you enjoyed it anyway!

