Takumi the pyromancer/explorer

Author: nakasette

*000*2016-08-22 22:24

Takumi, as he had named himself, had grown up as an orphan raised by a pyromancer, while he had a minor talent in it he always preferred swordplay to casting, and thus mainly used the skill as a self buff or weapon augment to help him in battle. Dark times had fallen on Lothric and it's surrounding areas, every day was a constant struggle for survival, although Takumi didn't mind, he prided himself on his skills and ingenuity to see him through day by day. His was a special case, not quite undead but not really alive either, a being shaped from ash, with all the normal faculties of human life. He still found nourishment in an estus flask and would always re-materialize if he did fall in battle. But his was not a quest to link the fire or even take it for himself, all he sought to do was adventure and discover what civilizations had left in the wake of their demise, and if he a lord of cinder stood in his way then so be it.

One day on his travels he decided to tackle the abyss watchers, which he was sure were guarding a secret, and after a few tries and cleverly pitting themselves against one another he finally prevailed. After the defeat he found a new passage way into a dusty old network of catacombs, believing them to belong to the lost civilization of Carthus, he was beyond excited. After narrowly escaping various arrow traps, giant skeletons and even a ball comprised totally of skeletons he made it to the end of the ruins, near the end he noticed a friend of his standing up along the cliff side, Anri of Astora stood alone looking apprehensively down into a far pit.

"Ah, hello, we meet again. Have you seen Horace anywhere? She asked.

"No, Can't say that I have." Takumi replied.

"I see, well I must be on my way then, if you do see him let him now I shall leave prism stones to guide him just like I always have." she said sadly.

"I will do so." He said with resolve and took his leave.

Just as he jumped down to the narrow ledge below he could see a horde of skeletons assembling themselves and starting to make their way across the rickety bridge. Thinking quickly he ran to the side and slashed at the ropes the bridge swung away as more of the bindings snapped and fell dropping the skeletons down into the pit below. Now that he had a makeshift ladder to make use of he descended even further into the abyss.

"I must be really far below sea level at this rate, surely I'll hit rock bottom soon enough, the best stuff is always the hardest to get to." Takumi thought as he descended.

After reaching the ground floor a path seemed to lead into another room, seemingly man made as well, inside there was a great demon skulking around, the likes of which he had seen in the undead settlement in his youth.

"Well, that's a problem, but I think I've got my solution." he said looking past the demon.

Takumi being an avid treasure hunter could spot a mimic a mile away, terrible creatures said to be born from human avarice that took the shape of chests to swallow up the over eager. and their just so happened to be one at the other side of the room. He readied a flame in hand and threw it hitting the mimic in it's chest like face. All at once it sprang to life as over sized arms and legs stood the creature up, it looked and saw a giant fire demon plodding around, and using whatever logic it had it started relentlessly attacking the monstrosity. Taking the opportunity he slipped by the ensuing carnage and made his way past the rapidly assembling skeletons when he saw a bonfire, which he hastily lit and bound himself to should he be less fortunate.

Walking back to where the fight between chest and demon was raging he found an item of interest. It appeared to be the remains of a pyromancer and it included a headband and an odd pyromancy that he had never seen before, all he could read was "Flash Flood" on the parchment. He was familiar with a rudimentary anti fire spell known as "Flash Sweat" which caused the users body to generate water at an immense rate and pour out of the skin of the user effectively dowsing them and making them nearly impossible to set on fire, fairly common in duels between users of fire. Takumi could only assume this scroll was something of an improved version.

"Well, what have we here? This might hail back all the way from The Great Swamp, or maybe even Izalith!" He thought as he walked back to the bonfire to ready the spell. There was a bit of studying that needed to be done to properly cast such a spell, taking his time he pour over the scroll until it made sense in his mind what he would need to do, and after he stood up he readied the flame in his hand again, this time pulling his hand in close and quickly striking it into his stomach, but nothing seemed to happen.

"Hmm, that's weird, I figured I sweat or something, maybe even cry? Even power within does something right away, maybe it's a dud?" He thought as he started down the trail further into the cave ahead of him. Suddenly, he felt something happening in his lower abdomen, the urge to pee was rapidly growing.

"Oh man, I know I haven't pissed in a while but this is ridiculous, is this what they meant by flash flood?!" He said as he clenched his legs together. He could feel his bladder filling quickly, he needed to find some place to go sooner rather than later. He dashed down the hallway away from the skeletons that he didn't want to risk hearing him, although he wasn't really sure they could hear without ears. At the end of the hall the cavern opened up into a lake that seemed to be glowing like fire. At this point he didn't care, there didn't appear to be anything that wanted to kill him around so this was a good enough time as any to let loose, he stumbled over to the water while unbuttoning his belt and pants and just finally managed to get his penis out when it started to spray uncontrollably. Directing the stream down into the water he sighed in relief as he peed and peed, a gentle splashing echoing in the cavern.

"Whoa, that was closer than I thought, who would ever make a spell like this?" he thought looking down at the clear river flowing out of his dick.

After a minute straight of solid weeing he started to become concerned, his bladder didn't feel any emptier yet, looking down there was still a bulge in his lower stomach, the endless voiding making him weak in the knees.

"Hah... so much pee... what is wrong here, I must be filling just as fast as I'm emptying, let me think, Flash sweat only lasts for 30 seconds, a bit more if you had the right equipment on, oh... right..." he said as he looked down at his hand holding his still going member, he had 2 lingering dragoncrest rings on that hand, the normal and plus one, and on the other hand he had the plus 2... he regularly had these on to maximize the length of his fire spells on his blades. Also, he had no idea how long this spell lasted, how long would it take someone to piss a whole flood? Was it designed for giants? It would only take them a couple minutes, but then again if it were for giants, he'd probably have died from a few ruptured organs at the start of the spell.

"Ohhh... This can't go on for much longer right? It's been a couple minutes already." He said as the stream continued unabated. It had been 3 minutes since he started, and he felt his strength draining away as well, he collapsed onto his knees, just a few inches from the water where his torrent continued to splash. The fourth and fifth minutes came and went as he finally started to feel a bit of relief, looking down it finally seemed that his bladder was finally shrinking, he fell onto his hands and just barely managed to keep the rest of his body out of the lake below as his penis dangled just above the surface still contributing its waters to the overall lake. The lake was surprisingly warm to the touch, as if the whole thing was a giant heated bath.

"Come on, just a bit more, just need to let out a bit more..." he said as he strained to stay out of the water, finally his urine pouring out slowed to a trickle and just a few drips fell out into the lake. With what remaining strength he had he pushed himself back and fell straight back away from the water panting heavily and with his penis still resting just out of his fly on his leg. He lay there motionless for a while as he recomposed himself.

"Well, THAT is going to be situationally useful at best..." he thought as was sprawled out on the ground, just then he heard a voice behind him.

"Oh, hello again, what are you doing there... exposed as you are? It was Anri, she had just plodded down the path where Takumi lay, he couldn't see her face through her helmet but was pretty sure she was smiling. "This is the smoldering lake, where the great peeromancers once flourished." Hastily Takumi stood up a bit dizzly and put his dick back into his pants as he looked at her.

"...I think you meant Pyromancy." He said with a blush

"No, I am aware Pyromancy is a study of flame, Peeromancy on the other hand is very different, who do you think invented Flash Sweat and Profuse Sweat?" She said as she looked around the cavern a bit more.

"I've been studying for years and my master never told me of such a study" Takumi said bewildered.

"Well, if you want to know more I suggest you do some exploring, although, it's best if you have a toilet around when you decide to experiment again." she said as she turned away and started back up the path."

"Hah, same to you!" Takumi said as he readied his flame in hand, but instead of striking himself he ran up and wrapped his arm around Anri, stuffing the flame right into her lower abdomen.

"Hey, what did you... Oh..." she groaned as she clenched her legs together.

"I'm guessing you'll be wanting some privacy?" Takumi said with a sneer.

"Oh... YES PLEASE!" she said as she ran toward the lake herself and hastily stripped what armor she had around her bottom down and forcefully started to piss into the lake herself.

To be continued... Maybe... if I feel like it...

