Raphtalia's Road Trip

Author: nilla

*000*2019-09-22 02:28

$$

Raphtalia's character design for those who haven't seen the anime!

Raphtalia loved Naofumi. He had rescued her from her slavery, after all. He had raised her and taken good care of her, and she was very thankful for everything he had done for her. However, what she didn't love was the amount of traveling that they had to do. They could never stay in one town for very long, due to Naofumi's circumstances. When they weren't fighting off the waves or sleeping, it seemed like they were almost always in the wagon, traveling all over the country.

They would spend hours and hours in the wagon, which caused problems for Raphtalia. This was due to her sensitive stomach, and admittedly weak bladder. As a demi-human, she wasn't a stranger to relieving herself outside. After all, during her years of captivity she had rarely been given access to a bathroom, forced to go outside or in her cage. The problem wasn't that she couldn't relieve herself outside, but that she felt embarrassed about doing so in front of Naofumi. It felt scandalous, so she instead opted to hold her bladder during these trips.

When Raphtalia woke up that morning, she hadn't been expecting to travel again. Perhaps wistful thinking, but they had only gotten to rest for a single night. She stretched her arms up, closing her soft pinkish eyes and yawning.

"Good morning Filo, and Naofumi-sama." She greeted Naofumi, and her filolial friend. Filo felt like a little sister to her, and she did care about her. She could get awfully annoying at times though, and was the biggest glutton Raphtalia had ever met. Filo hopped out of bed and started rambling on, which Raphtalia chose to tune out. She quickly changed into her armor, pulling her thigh-high boots up her legs and turning around in time to hear Filo start complaining that she wanted to be fed.

"Don't be such a glutton Filo, we need to leave soon." Raphtalia scolded the little filolial, who just stuck her tongue out at Raphtalia. Filo ran up to Naofumi and hugged him, and Raphtalia turned away from the scene. She felt jealous of Filo, but didn't want to throw a fit. She knew Filo was just trying to get a reaction out of her. Naofumi went to make a quick meal and Filo trailed after him. When they were out of sight, Raphtalia turned around and quickly went to the bathroom.

She pulled her panties down and let out a relaxed sigh, glad she could have her morning pee without Naofumi knowing. The long stream splashed against the water beneath her and she closed her eyes, enjoying the relaxing feeling of emptying herself. She'd have to wait until after the wagon ride before she could relieve herself again. That was another thing about Filo that made Raphtalia jealous. She was able to use the restroom around Naofumi without feeling embarrassed about her need. Filo was more than happy to let Naofumi know that she needed a quick pee break when they were traveling.

Raphtalia quickly walked to the kitchen, joining Naofumi and Filo at the table. It was a fairly simple meal, some toast, fruit, and a glass of water. They couldn't afford to spend very much money, so often had to eat pretty light. Filo didn't like this, but also wasn't very picky at all. She'd often eat random things she could find during their travels.

"Is everyone ready to go?" Naofumi asked, and the two girls nodded. The trio walked outside, Filo transforming into her massive bird form. After loading all of their belongings into the wagon and hooking Filo up, they were ready to go. Raphtalia sat in the back, while Naofumi sat in the front to guide Filo. Raphtalia rested her head down and curled up, deciding to catch up on the sleep she had missed since they had woken up and gotten ready so early. She felt herself drift off almost instantly.

When Raphtalia woke up, the sun had risen high in the sky. She sat up and rubbed her eyes sleepily, her ears swiveling around as she recognized her surroundings. It looked as if they were in the middle of nowhere, the wagon shaking due to the rocky path that they were on. Being shaken around made her realize that a certain need had built up, which was probably why she had woken up. She needed to pee, her bladder had filled up pretty quickly. She wasn't sure how many hours she had slept for, but clearly enough for her body to refill her previously empty bladder. She squeezed her thighs together, before opting to cross her legs to try and relieve the pressure she felt. Luckily, it wasn't that bad, and she felt she could hold it awhile longer if she was careful.

"Master, can we take a break? I need to peeeee!" Raphtalia heard Filo shout, turning her head in that direction. The wagon quickly stopped and Filo switched forms, running off into the forest with a hand between her legs. She really was such a kid, holding herself in public like that.

"Do you need to go as well?" Naofumi asked, and Raphtalia quickly shook her head, blushing in embarrassment. She knew the smart decision would be to take this chance to relieve herself, but she still couldn't get over the thought of doing something like that with Naofumi knowing, let alone being near her. Filo returned a few minutes later, a content expression on her face.

"Don't you need to pee, nee-chan?" Filo asked her and Raphtalia pouted. Why were they both suddenly so determined that she needed the bathroom. She uncrossed her legs in attempt to prove a point, ignoring the pang in her bladder that told her she shouldn't have done that.

"I don't need to go, lets keep moving." She muttered, and Filo just shrugged, transforming back into a bird and continuing to pull the wagon towards their destination. When the two had turned around, she crossed her legs again, squirming a bit. She knew she'd be fine though, surely she could hold it longer than this. She wasn't a kid like Filo, she was a mature lady, and wanted to prove it to Naofumi. Mature lady's did not need bathroom breaks. She would be fine, probably...

I'll continue this soon if people are interested in a second part! This is mostly just to set up the premise :3

