Festival dilemma

Author: ninjafox91

*000*2023-08-25 05:14

Erika woke up early this morning to get ready for her first music festival. She showered and got some breakfast as she waited for her friend. He showed up just as she finished her breakfast. Then she went out to me him.

“hi” Erika said.

“Hi, unfortunately my A.C. and my windows will not roll down but I got a cooler of water in the back” ben said

“That is fine I will just have to drink more water. Let’s get going I can not wait. Plus, it is going to be a long drive” Erika said.

Ben put the address in his G.P.S. and headed out. As soon a they where on the road Erika drank a bottle of water.

“This heat in here is no joke glad you got water” Erika said.

“Sorry about that I will try to get us there in no time. Drink as much as you want by the way” ben said.

“I will I hate having a dry mouth” Erika said

The ride was pretty quiet for the first hour then Erika decided to turn the radio on. They talked a bit more on the way and drank some more water. Then they finally arrived at the music festival. She could hear one of her favorite bands playing and ran over to the stage.

“I am just going to find a place to pee we drank a lot on that ride” ben said

“Cool I don’t have to go that bad and I don’t want to miss this song” Erika said.

After the song ended ben came back with two bottles of water and gave one to me.

“So is this how you imaged it would be” ben said.

“It is even better. this is so much fun but I did not realize how bad I have to pee now that I am standing up” Erika said.

“Just go to the bathroom” ben said.

“no. I don’t want to miss this I can hold it” Erika said

The band played for an hour and half ben could tell that she was starting to have trouble holding her pee. She started to rock back and forth and adjusting her belt. He also could not believe that she drank another bottle of water she must have to pee so bad he said in his head. Finlay then band stopped playing.

“Finally, I was going to pee myself if that went any longer, I need to find a bathroom where did you go” Erika

“I only saw a men’s room on the said I was on. I think they have porta-potty’s opposite side. Ben said

“I hate those things. You guys a lucky you do not have to sit on those toilets. Erika said.

“I know having a penis is great. I can just pee anywhere” ben said smiling and laughing.

After walk around for 5 minutes holding herself, she made it to the porta-potty’s she could not believe her eye there where only 5 of them and 2 where all ready disgusting and unuse able. The 3 that where still use able had at lest 15 girls in the shortest line. She took her spot and waited for about ten minutes when she saw a girl run over to the tree line. She knew what she was going to do. She thought about doing the same thing but when the girl was done, she saw a security take her out of the venue. I cannot risk that. I must pee in the porta-potty she said to herself. The line slowed moved down eventually she was the second one in line. She could hear the girl in the porta-potty peeing. The girl in front of her started to wet her pants as her jeans got a little drank patch in the front that grew vastly around her butt it was going everywhere. Erika did not care it just meant that she was next.

The girl finally came out and darted out of the area. Erika quick went in to the porta-potty. When she locked the door and turned around, she saw that the toilet sit was just covered in pee. Well at lest there is toilet paper here that is can use to clean it up then I can pee. When she finished cleaning up all the pee, she realized that she had used up all the toilet paper. Erika exited the porta-potty as soon as she another girl went it before she could even warn her. She saw that the lines for the other two toilets where the same. Erika made it back to been.

“Ben where is the men’s restroom” Erika said hastily

“It is just over there to the right” ben

As soon as been got to the last world she was on her way there. She found a sign that said “men’s” on this wired fence wall that had a tarp over it. Yes, she said out loud as she ran in too the fenced of area. When she went around the corner her heart sank it was all urinals and to make it worse it was the outside urinals that face each other. Sound of all the men peeing made Erika just want to give up and pee right her but made her why to the closest urinal.

“Sir can you pee fasted I have to go so bad” Erika said

“I am sorry I just started plus I don’t know how you are going to use this” men 1 at urinal.

“Please please I am about to pee myself you can just go on the ground or something I don’t want ever guy here to see me pee. at least if I use this, I have cover. oooo god I am peeing. Erika said.

“Here you can use my spot if you want but I can’t stop I will have to pee next to you if you don’t mind” men 2 at urinal.

“I don’t care fuck piss on my feet for all I care just let me use your spot” Erika said with tears coming out.

The guy stepped down still peeing by the side of the urinal. Erika took his spot she pulled down her pants and underwear just enough to get everything out. She backed her butt up to the urinal. She let out some pee. It missed the hole of urinal and hit the wall and splashed all over her legs and pants. Erika quickly stopped peeing and turned around to face the urinal. Oh god I don’t know what to do it is all about to come out. One of the guys said just pee facing it and get on you tiptoes. She did as he said. When she got in to position her pee jetted out of here like nothing before everyone at the urinal could hear how loud she was peeing. Erika don’t not care she was just happy to pee she let out a sigh of relief.

“Thank you so much for letting me use this part of the urinal” Erika.

“I am just more astonished that you can use it” men 2

“Me to guess I am just one of the guys now” Erika said jokingly

She peed for a good minute then her stream started to die down. The last bit of here pee did not make it to the urinal it hit the side of the wall and slide back on her. At lest most of it is in the urinal their rest can dry. She pulled up here pants. Now it is time to get back to the festival.

