HoloMess ~BANpire~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2024-05-21 01:42

Here's the next HoloMess story! Even though Mel is no longer officially a part of Hololive, I think it was important to include her as she was an important member with lasting impact. I hope everyone enjoys this! The next story will involve finish Gen 1, so I hope you look forward to it!

Yozora Mel leaned into her microphone and blew a few kisses into it. “Kon-kapu~” the vampire greeted before blowing some more soft kisses into it. “Today we’re celebrating one million subscribers,” she whispered. “On today’s ASMR, I’ll be doing tasks that everyone voted for. Thousands of votes came in and today I’ll do the top three. I’m really looking forward to it… but, I wonder how many of you voted for something naughty,” Mel mused, ending her sentence with a sultry tone. Her chat was through the moon with excitement.

[It’s a secret…]

[Mel may be a bit naughty herself lol]

[Hehe, she doesn’t know what’s in store]

Mel gently scratched her nails against her ASMR microphone, much to the delight of her viewers. “Well, I better not keep you waiting,” she taunted before revealing the third most popular task.

“Pee your pants”

Mel put a hand over her mouth in shock before pouting at her chat. “You guys really are perverts after all…,” she chided. Yet despite this, the busty blonde stood up from her chair with a grin on her face. She grabbed the mic and put it up to her mouth, allowing her breathing to tickle her viewers’ ears as she prepared herself to follow through with the first task of the stream.

“A-ah…,” her voice leaked out as she felt herself loosening the control on her bladder. “It’s… it’s coming out…” The vampire’s breathing picked up as she felt a warm wetness spread around the crotch of her black and yellow shorts. Multiple trickles of urine ran down her legs and between them onto the wood floor. Mel purred as she felt her pee pool in her boots and soak her feet. The chat was thoroughly pleased with the mixed sounds of their oshi’s breathing and her urine spattering against the floor, as well as the growing dark spot between her thighs.

“Ahh, I… I think I’m done…,” Mel whimpered, having completely saturated her lower half in her own piss. The aroused streamer let her lapse of judgement get the better of her, allowing her horny brain to take control. She was going to have a good time with her chat, YouTube TOS be damned. Wasting no time, she revealed the second most voted option to herself and the stream.

“Heartbeat ASMR”

Mel gave the stream a devious smirk. Although it wasn’t required to complete the task, the erotic vampire wasted no time flinging her top off, giving the world a clear view of her beautiful, perky breasts. As her arousal increased, so did her watchers’.

[Wowwowowowowow]

[The BANpire strikes again]

[Best tits in Hololive!]

“Hehe… you perverts! I’m glad you like them…,” Mel blushed through her scolding. She cupped her boobs in her hands, giving them a lengthy massage in front of the webcam. Her stream watched eagerly as she squeezed and manipulated her breasts, even giving her nipples a couple of flicks for good measure. With her heartrate elevated, she raised her left breast with one hand while pressing her microphone under it with the other. A loud, rhythmic thumping could be heard as the sound of her heart mixed with her increasingly loud breathing. Mel watched as the chatroom scrolled up at breakneck speed, feeling proud of her ability to please her followers. However, a different wetness was growing between the blonde’s legs as her mind and body craved even more attention. Returning the mic back to her desk, Mel revealed the top-voted task.

“Poop your pants”

Mel stared into her screen, her mind scrambling to process those three words. “P-poop my pants? I thought wetting myself was risqué enough!” She thought to herself as she began to have feelings of doubt for the first time of the stream. “Wait? Why’s this even the most voted? People’d rather watch me poo myself than masturbate? What have I been doing? What is my manager thinking right now?” As she grappled with her emotions, she looked at her chat for their thoughts.

[C’mon Mel! Just do it!]

[This stream’s probably getting nuked so who cares]

[What? You’re seriously chickening out now?]

Mel bit her lip as she glazed over the different messages either encouraging or provoking her, having the effect of raising her libido just again. “It’d be so naughty,” she argued to herself as the dampness in her crotch grew again. “Screw it, let’s do this…,” she said aloud to the cheers of her fans. Mel turned around and propped herself on the arms of her chair, sticking her butt out to face right into the webcam and the ASMR mic. 

With her face obscured from view, Mel began grunting and straining her bowels. Although her body initially met her with resistance, her willpower overrode her sphincter’s functions as solid mush forced its way against the back of the vampire black panties and began tenting her shorts outwards. Feelings of worry dissipated in Mel’s mind as the call of nature took over, the expanding warm mass in her pants titillating her even further. The half-naked streamer’s grunts transformed into moans as she lost control of bowels, helpless to do anything but watch as her body finished the job for her. The whole time, the sounds of crackling and moaning enveloped the ears of her audience as they watched the bulge in her shorts grow, captivating them as well into Mel’s horny spiral. Lost in her own lust, Mel finally turned her head to the camera, a deep crimson blush across her face and drool running down her chin. Her eyes were met with universal praise from her viewers.

[She really did it… incredible…]

[Such a good girl]

[Damn I’m so hard rn]

“I’m such a dirty girl.” The worship from her fans drove Mel over the edge as she threw out the last of her inhibitions. The crazed vampire rested her chest against her chair as she placed one hand between her legs and the other on the bulge in her shorts. At once, Mel forcefully pressed both hands into herself through her soaked and soiled clothes, performing the messiest masturbation session she’s ever done live in front of thousands of fans. Moans turned into screams that frequently peaked the ASMR mic. 

At this point, however, everyone was enjoying the show as Mel gave in to her most disgusting and depraved desires. “Ah! Ahhhh! AHHHHHHH!” Within mere minutes, the unconscionably horny girl had reached a level of orgasm she’d never thought possible. As she reached her peak, her knees gave out as she fell into the seat of her chair and her butt hit the floor with an audible smacking sound. As she lay there, her mind in shambles, a wave of weariness washed over her. As her eyes closed, she watched all the chatters showering her in praise and let out a weak smile.

The next morning, Mel slowly regained consciousness, her bare chest and face slightly stuck to the leather seat from her sweat and drool. All at once, the memories of the prior night hit her like a truck. Panicked, she quickly rose and regretted it just as quickly, as the pee and poop from the night before had become cold and uncomfortable. Mel could feel an irritating itching between her legs and butt cheeks, probably a rash. However, none of that mattered as the vampire took one look at her YouTube page and braced for the worst.

“Video removed: Terms of Use violation”

“Thank god…,” Mel fell back on her butt with another splat. Somehow, likely through the efforts of her manager, only the video was gone and her channel was saved from termination. No doubt she would hear an earful from everyone later, but for the time being she could be at peace. Reassessing her situation, Mel bit her lip, a blush forming as she released her bladder into her soiled shorts. She cooed as the urine warmed her in more ways than one and gently rocked herself back and forth against the floor. “My viewers really are a bunch of perverts…”

