Rachel & Chris's Desperate Holiday

Author: NotDusty

*000*2020-06-13 17:25

Hi all,

All this time in lockdown has me wistful for past romances, and as such I was inspired to write a story based incredibly loosely on a holiday I went on a few years back.

Enjoy!

###

Chris glanced at the clock on his computer screen and sighed. 16:34. In just 26 minutes the working week would be complete, with himself and Rachel away for their week long holiday in Snowdonia the day after.

They were both fairly new to their jobs in The City, recent graduates who had struggled for a year after graduation before eventually finding their way into prestigious jobs in the heart of London. Chris had been in his role for a few months when Rachel joined and caught his eye almost immediately. Pale and with mousy brown hair, Rachel had classically English good looks. While fairly short and generally slim in stature, she had a penchant for rather form fitting business slacks which helped accentuate her broad hips, thick thighs and firm, curvaceous rear.

Initially stunned into silence by her appearance, Chris was somewhat disarmed by how friendly and approachable Rachel was. They soon struck up a friendship which before long developed into a series of dates. In the heart of London they had their pick of a vast array of bars, pubs and restaurants and soon became intimately familiar with the selection in the vicinity of their office.

As the relationship blossomed, Chris found himself becoming infatuated with Rachel in all the usual ways. However, one slightly unusual thing gradually became apparent to Chris; Rachel never seemed to need to pee. They would both sit and down drink after drink and Rachel would never so much as glance in the direction of the loo. Chris considered himself to have a fairly capacious bladder, but even he sometimes marvelled at Rachel’s ability to seemingly last forever.

One date several months in brought this to the fore, around a week before they were due to depart for Snowdonia.

###

“Right, shall we call it a night then?” Chris announced, placing his fifth empty pint glass of the night back onto the table. Just then he got a small quiver in his bladder, it had after all been some time since he’d last been.

“Oh goodness yes! Look at the time!” Rachel exclaimed enthusiastically.

“OK, I best just visit the loo before we head off” Chris replied. “Are you alright to stay with the coats for a second?”

“Oh sure thing” said Rachel.

Chris returned five minutes later rather relieved and reached to take both jackets from Rachel who instead gave him only his, folded hers over her arm and started to head for the door.

“Oh, do you not need to…” Chris tailed off inquisitively.

“What, use the loo?” Rachel cut in. “No, I’m quite alright” she said, gently patting her belly.

“Are you sure, you haven’t been for a little while, I don’t mind waiting” Chris suggested.

“Ah, no it’s more than alright” Rachel said. “My mum is fond of saying that I have the bladder of a camel, I hardly ever seem to need to go” Rachel proclaimed with a chuckle.

Chris’s heart skipped a beat, he had long been interested in women needing to pee, but had never been brave enough to broach it with anyone, even when in a committed relationship. He momentarily thought about enquiring further but thought it best to leave it at this early stage.

They parted ways at the tube station, Chris on his way back to Waterloo to get a Surrey train and Rachel onto the Northern line back to her parent’s house in north London.

Now that he really wracked his brain, Chris couldn’t recall seeing Rachel pee very much at all in the few months they had been working together. Most of the girls (and indeed many of the men) used a toilet trip and a tea round as an excuse to take a 15 minute break from work every 90 minutes or so. However, he only ever recalled seeing Rachel standing by the water cooler or the kettle, sipping away at any number of beverages over the course of the day.

Chris pondered, he and Rachel had been getting on so well, could he possibly consider pushing this further with her on their upcoming week away? Soon after he was snapped out of his daydreaming as he arrived at his stop, but he went to bed that night hardly able to think about anything else.

###

A few days later, Saturday morning rolled around.

Chris’s alarm clock rang out at 8:00, but unlike most mornings where he had to drag himself out of bed, he sprang out eagerly. He showered, peed, got dressed and ate breakfast, consisting of toast, a large coffee and a glass of orange juice. He picked up his bag and jumped into his car, to make the first leg of the long drive to Snowdonia, round to Rachel’s parent’s house in Edgware.

He arrived at Rachel’s around 10:00 and found her already eagerly waiting on the doorstep. To the casual observer she was dressed fairly plainly in a fitted white t shirt, jean shorts and Vans plimsolls, but Chris couldn’t help but admire the way her outfit accentuated her petite but womanly figure as she all but skipped down the driveway.

“All set to go?” Chris called out.

“Absolutely” Rachel beamed back. “I didn’t sleep so well last night, so excuse me if I seem a little dozy to start with, but I’ve had three coffees just now so hopefully I’ll perk up in a while.”

“Three coffees before a road trip?” said Chris, bristling with excitement but managing to limit himself to an innocent enough sounding question.

“Haha yes, it won’t be a problem don’t worry” Rachel smiled. “We used to drive to Aviemore to see my cousins quite a bit, and I never needed a rest stop then.”

Chris did a quick mental calculation, he wasn’t quite sure where Aviemore was but he knew it was in the Scottish Highlands so it must be at least seven hours drive.

“Huh, that’s quite a while” Chris responded, as casually as possible.

“Oh it’s nothing really” Rachel came back. “Sometimes I can seem to go forever without needing the loo. And I just went a couple of hours ago anyway, so I’ll be fine for quite some time yet.”

Chris, still slightly incredulous thought he may as well go for broke. “Rachel, I was thinking... it might be good this week to see how long we could avoid the bathroom? You know, it would save a lot of time for other things when we’re out and about doing stuff, and the bathrooms in these Air BnB’s can be a little hit or miss.”

Rachel paused for a second and Chris held his breath. Had he blown it?

“Yeah, sure, that sounds good, I often avoid the loo if I can anyway. I find it frees you up to get so much other stuff done.” Rachel smiled back.

Chris could hardly believe his luck. He’d often dreamed about these scenarios growing up. He hadn’t explicitly revealed his fetish, but Rachel was willing to play his game which was all that mattered. Chris wondered exactly how far Rachel would be willing to push herself. He also wondered how far he could push himself to match her. Over the next week or so, he would be sure to find out.

###

They left Edgware just after 10:00 and by 12:30 had arrived at a service station just north of Birmingham, roughly the halfway point of their trip. The service station was truly a jewel in the crown of the British motorway network, boasting the finest array of fast food establishments one could imagine. Chris went off to McDonald’s to get lunch while Rachel went to M&S to pick up snacks and drinks for the rest of the journey. They soon reconvened at the car, Chris with two large Big Mac meals and Rachel with two two litre bottles of water and a variety of sweets and crisps.

“Thirsty?” Chris inquired.

“Surprisingly!” Rachel replied. “Car trips always seem to dehydrate me, and I’ve only had those three coffees all day.”

“Well, we won’t want to make another stop after this, so as long as you’re sure you don’t need to use the loo” Chris ventured.

“Oh no don’t worry about that” Rachel brushed him off nonchalantly.

With that the conversation drifted onto the potential activities of the week ahead as the two sat and ate their meals, including the large soda each. They were soon back on the road, winding their way through the Welsh countryside towards their ultimate destination of Llanberis, at the foot of Mount Snowdon.

As the journey passed Chris noticed that Rachel wasn’t joking, she really was very thirsty. They were still an hour away from their destination as Rachel drained the last of her water bottle and leant round to put it on the back seat.

15 minutes later they were approaching a large out of town Lidl and Rachel instructed Chris to pull over for supplies.

“Stay in the car Chris, I won’t be a moment” Rachel said, walking off purposefully towards the entrance. Rachel soon returned clutching another two litre bottle of water and a small bottle of Lucozade.

Climbing back into the car Rachel passed the Lucozade to Chris.

“Just to keep you awake” she explained.

“So what’s all that water for then?” he replied.

“All for me I’m afraid, you’ve still got half a bottle to finish.”

“Ahh I see, you really weren’t kidding about the dehydration then?”

“No, I guess that’s where my mother’s affectionate camel comment comes from!” Rachel smiled.

“Well, as long as you won’t be nipping to the loo anytime soon” quipped Chris.

“Oh no don’t worry, I won’t be needing to waste any time doing that, especially when we’ve got so much to explore when we get there!” Rachel replied with a grin.

With that Chris pulled back onto the road and within an hour or so they had passed through the magnificent valleys of Snowdonia and had arrived at their Air BnB in the centre of Llanberis, by which time they had both drained all their drinks.

###

Chris parked up and went through the usual rigmarole of retrieving their keys from the coded lockbox, but they were soon inside and settling in to the quaint miner’s end terrace they had booked.

The house was modestly sized but had clearly been well cared for; the living room was tastefully decorated and the kitchen immaculately equipped. The main bedroom upstairs was furnished minimally but they were both pleased to see it was spotlessly clean. The tiny bathroom consisted of a toilet, small sink and tiny shower cubicle, and seemed almost an afterthought by comparison.

“Good thing we won’t be making much use of this room” Rachel announced casually, before turning and descending back downstairs to the living room. The four hour journey had taken the wind out of their sails slightly, and they sat down to watch some TV. Whilst they had been together for a few months now, their respective living arrangements (at home with their parents) limited their opportunities to feel intimate with one another, so they were both very grateful to finally be alone. They settled down on the sofa, Rachel with her head in Chris’s lap, Chris tenderly running his hands through her hair, and they both soon fell asleep.

Chris stirred first a couple of hours later and checked his phone; 16:04. He gently rocked Rachel awake, who came round with a slightly dreamy, dazed expression but soon after sprang to her feet and declared that they needed to ‘recon’ the small town.

“Well, we need to work out where we’re going to eat tonight at the very least!” came her justification.

They wandered fairly aimlessly around the town for a short while, out to the north west towards the nearby lake before heading back east towards the “Electric Mountain”. On their way they passed the Padarn Hotel which also advertised itself as a bar and bistro. It looked reasonably nice and they unfortunately weren’t spoilt for choice in terms of options, so they stepped inside.

They ordered two burgers and fries from the bar, alongside a pint of beer each. They opted to sit in the beer garden to the rear of the hotel to take in the cool evening air and the view of Snowdon that was just starting to fade in the twilight.

They sat and chatted peacefully, sipping slowly on their drinks, discussing their plans for the next day. Chris was of the opinion that if the weather held, they should try and climb Snowdon the next day, and maybe head out to Newborough Beach in the afternoon. Rachel concurred, and suggested that if the weather was more classically Welsh, they should drive and explore some of the smaller local villages including Bethesda and Beddegelert.

Their food arrived soon and having polished off the first round of drinks, Chris ordered another.

“You don’t have to get me drunk Christopher, I'll come willingly” grinned Rachel, mockingly batting her eyelashes at him. Chris felt his cock stiffen almost on command. That reminded him.

In all the excitement and planning of the days ahead he had rather forgotten their little game for the last few hours. This brought his mind back to his own bladder. He hadn’t been since 8am and it was now 6pm. He wasn’t one to use the toilet more than once a day out of habit, and had pushed himself significantly further on occasion as part of his fetish, but he did undeniably have a very slight “well, I could go” level feeling.

His mind then turned to Rachel. He knew she had a large capacity from what she had said and what he had previously observed, but how far did that really go? How long would she be willing to play his game? She’d had quite a bit more to drink than him over the course of the day, and the alcohol wouldn’t be helping matters.

After they finished their food they sat awhile and talked, both basking in the warmth of each other’s company. They got through three further rounds of drinks (“God they’re so cheap!” Rachel exclaimed at one point) and before long last orders were called and they started on their short journey back to the house.

###

They stumbled through the door arm in arm and raced upstairs. Rachel said she wanted to shower to which Chris ventured “Mind if I join you?”

Rachel, taken aback momentarily by his sudden confidence, gladly agreed. As they undressed one another, Chris could not help but notice Rachel’s slightly distended bladder. Not an enormous bulge by any means, but a marked difference compared to her normally flat stomach.

Chris’s mind snapped back into the moment at hand as he and Rachel eagerly scampered towards the bathroom. The tiny shower cubicle meant they had to rub right up against one another to fit in, which Rachel used to her advantage to drive Chris wild. He momentarily forgot about their little holding game, so electrified was he in the presence of the incredible, voluptuous woman in front of him.

They eventually finished showering and as they stood brushing their teeth, Chris nodded towards the as yet untouched toilet beside them and raised his eyebrows suggestively.

Rachel smiled knowingly as she finished brushing her teeth. “Well, now you mention it, those last few beers have just started to catch up with me, but it’s really not a problem. Besides, I’m sure there are better ways to be spending our time than surrendering to such basic urges, aren’t there Christopher?”

She reached for his cock and ran her fingernail gently along it’s underside while pressing her naked body into his momentarily, before walking away down the landing, glancing back at him as she turned into the bedroom. Chris, now more aroused than he could ever remember being, followed unquestioningly. He turned out the bedroom light and joined Rachel under the covers, where they melted into one another for several hours before falling soundly asleep.

###

Chris stirred first the next morning, the sound of rain driving against the small bedroom window slowly drawing him from his blissful slumber. He couldn’t remember a great deal from the previous night, but he knew his exhaustion couldn’t just be as the result of the four hour drive.

He came round and reached for his phone to check the time. 9:30. He rose slowly and walked downstairs to the kitchen to start breakfast. As the water rushed into the filling kettle Chris felt a slight twinge from his bladder reminding him that it had now been more than a day since his last pee. He knew he’d have to be somewhat mindful of his intake today if he wanted to continue to go toe to toe with Rachel.

A soft padding of feet behind him brought Chris’s mind back to the outside world as he turned to see Rachel standing in the kitchen doorway. She stood there totally naked but for her knickers, and Chris couldn’t help but stare in wonder at the vision before him.

“What are we having for breakfast?” Rachel beamed angelically.

“Well, the host has left us tea and coffee, but other than that all I’ve brought breakfast - wise is bread and butter I’m afraid” Chris replied.

“Aah, that’s fine, we can look for some more supplies when we’re in town today” said Rachel, nodding towards the awful weather still beating down outside.

Chris poured them both a large mug of tea and Rachel quickly sipped hers gratefully as they sat down to breakfast. She was clearly thirsty from the previous night’s activities and managed to get through two and half mugs as Chris was just finishing his first.

“Careful, else you’ll need to go before we head out.” Chris smirked.

“Funny you should say, I had been thinking about it, and under normal circumstances I probably would go, but I don’t need to go, you know?” Rachel replied, standing up and patting her stomach. Chris felt his cock stiffen slightly. Rachel’s bladder, which had still appeared fairly if not completely flat before bed, had swollen significantly overnight, presumably as a result of all those beers. Her stomach now protruded significantly, her hip bones now standing out sharply at either side.

Rachel went back upstairs to get ready while Chris washed up, his cock rock solid the whole time thinking about Rachel’s potential future predicament. They showered together again, and while mostly preoccupied with Rachel’s divine body, Chris couldn’t help notice that she would wince ever so slightly if he ever brushed his hand over her now rather firm stomach.

They got dressed for the predictably awful weather, Rachel selecting another slim fitting t shirt, this time in light blue. She paired this with a dark red jumper and a pair of tight jeans. Chris could not help but notice how her jeans dipped well below her navel, conforming to the shape of her now rather bulbous stomach.

As they put their jackets on, Chris briefly considered a trip to the loo, but figured it was worth it to keep holding if Rachel was also to continue in the same vein. He’d ‘pushed’ her to this point and she had taken it totally in her stride, but by her own admittance was now getting to the point where she would have otherwise peed, so Chris was excited to see how things would develop.

They took a short drive over the hills to Beddegelert as the rain continued to beat down, Chris having to concentrate hard to see through the torrential downpour. Rachel researched tea rooms and cafes on the drive over and directed Chris to the Cafe Colwyn. Chris was surprised that Rachel wanted more fluids so soon, but didn’t object.

They took their seats in the bay window at the front of the cafe and were soon served by a cheerful old Welsh lady. They ordered two medium coffees and a slice of carrot cake each. Rachel, true to form, raced through her first mug and soon ordered another. Chris, who normally seemed to pay for these things, may have mounted a complaint but managed to bite his tongue. As they were finishing, the clouds lifted slightly and the rain eased.

They took a long, meandering walk around the small village, down towards the river, eventually looping back around towards the car. Chris pulled out his phone to check the time. 14:07. It was uncanny the way time flew when he was with Rachel. As they reached the car they decided that they should head to a supermarket to stock up on breakfast supplies and on - the - go snacks for the rest of the week.

###

Chris picked up a basket and they wandered around the shop picking up basic supplies for the rest of the week; milk, biscuits, energy bars, fruit and so forth. They started to queue up to pay and just before it was their turn Rachel nipped off to get something, returning a minute later with a six pack of two litre water bottles.

“Are you sure we’ll need all those?” said Chris, raising an eyebrow slightly. “Most of the tap water round here tastes like mineral water anyway.”

“Oh no of course, but this is just for when we’re out and about” Rachel explained.

Chris quickly realised what this could lead to and bit his tongue on any further moral, environmental objections he may have otherwise had. They drove back to Llanberis, Rachel cracking one of the waters open and virtually draining it on the half hour drive.

Upon their arrival back Chris unpacked the shopping and briefly paused on the sofa for a minute, still somewhat drained from the previous day. Rachel came down the stairs having changed into a pair of shorts that were more befitting the now surprisingly excellent weather. The shorts were rather brief, exposing roughly two thirds of Rachel’s thick, pale thighs. Chris could again not help but notice that these shorts were riding unusually low at the front, pushed down by Rachel’s now seemingly fairly full bladder.

Sitting down on the sofa beside Chris, Rachel swung her legs delicately into his lap and started surreptitiously rubbing his cock through his jeans. Needing no second invitation, Chris reached for the button of her shorts, unintentionally pressing her bladder in as he clumsily worked the button free.

“Ooh, careful” Rachel winced.

“Something the matter?” Chris ventured casually.

“Oh no it’s nothing, I’m just starting to feel a little full after all today's tea and coffee” Rachel replied.

“Don’t forget all the water” Chris interrupted.

“Well, that too” Rachel grinned. “It’s a good thing we’ve got such strong bladders isn’t it?”

“Indeed” Chris smiled, as he stood up and removed his clothes, while Rachel removed her jumper and t-shirt. “Come on, let’s go to bed for a while”

Rachel rose from the sofa and started up the stairs in front of Chris, who followed in her wake, utterly entranced by the slow swaying of her curvaceous ass as she ascended the steps. He could not help but notice however that her gait was just very slightly more tense than he had noticed previously.

They entered the bedroom and sunk into one another for an hour of pure ecstasy before falling asleep once more, this time as the late afternoon sun shone through the bedroom window.

###

Chris stirred and checked his phone. 16:54. He woke Rachel and they discussed what they wanted to do that evening. They decided it was still too early for dinner just yet, so they went for another walk around the outskirts of Llanberis. As they were leaving the house, Chris caught Rachel admiring her stomach in the mirror by the front door.

“You alright there?” he quipped.

“Ha, yes, just checking to see how full I’m getting” she smiled back.

“And how full are you getting?” Chris asked, closing the door behind them as Rachel now walked ahead of him, up the street.

“Well I’m really getting quite full, I guess it’s been what, about 32/33 hours since I last peed?” Rachel mused.

“How are you feeling?” Chris continued.

“Well I really do need a visit to the loo, but like, I don’t absolutely have to go” Rachel said.

“It’s fun to hold off though, right?” Chis enquired.

“In a way” Rachel said, staring off into the middle distance. “I’ve always kind of felt good about how much I can hold. The girls at work do make me laugh sometimes, half a cup of coffee has some of them running to the loo all morning. I guess I’ve always felt a slight sense of pride, funny though that sounds, you know?”

“No I get that” Chris came back. “I’ve always felt similarly, though I don’t normally hold it this long” he said, his bladder sending a strong signal to void as he turned his mind to it’s contents, which admittedly paled in comparison to the ocean Rachel must be holding in hers.

“Oh me neither, I’m not sure this is the longest I’ve ever held, but it must be pretty close” Rachel observed, pressing her thighs together for a moment where she stood.

The two wandered around the outskirts of Llanberis for the next hour as the sun began to drop behind the hills, all the while Rachel became subtly more fidgety. Chris noticed that when he stopped to take a photo, Rachel would gently rock from foot to foot as if performing some very austere, stiff dance; the kind of which he had so often fantasised about watching an attractive woman do. Once or twice he heard Rachel emit a couple of small “Ooh”’s and subtly but surely hold her crotch with her hand for a brief moment. Chris himself was also starting to feel the pressure, and gave his cock a quick squeeze once or twice as a precaution.

As half five rolled around the pair made their way back towards the centre of Llanberis and agreed that given how lovely it had been on the previous evening, they would eat again at the Padarn Hotel.

###

They settled down to eat at around 18:00 and Chris was certainly feeling the pressure by now, much as he tried to hide it.

The conversation flowed as smoothly as the drinks as they discussed what they would get up to tomorrow if the weather held. Chris had planned out a route that took them up the ‘easy’ path to the peak of Snowdon and then back down a more difficult route away to the north, looping eventually back around to Llanberis via the road.

As time passed, Chris found himself feeling a little more composed, while Rachel appeared to be getting increasingly fidgety. Chris, while obviously aroused, was equally fascinated. The toilet was well within eyeshot of their table, Rachel could get up and walk across the bar and pee within no more than 30 seconds, why didn’t she? She’d had pints and pints of fluid over the last day and a half, why didn’t she surrender to her (by now) obvious need.

As if on queue, Rachel drained her third pint glass. Motioning to Chris’s also empty glass, she nodded towards the bar. Chris smiled in response and Rachel got up and walked over to the bar to buy another round. The bar was relatively packed considering it was a weeknight in rural Wales, a fact that the proprietors clearly hadn’t quite catered for. As a result, Chris was treated to quite a show.

Rachel stood, one hand on the bar, thighs pressed lightly together, rocking slightly from one foot to another, free hand resting near her crotch, which she so clearly desired to hold. To the casual observer, it may have appeared that she was just trying to avoid standing still to prevent her legs cramping up. Chris however knew her predicament and therefore knew that this was not the case.

Rachel eventually returned from the bar, her normally smooth languid strides noticeably stilted and awkward as she moved across the room with a slight bend at her waist. Her top had ridden up slightly, exposing her now incredibly bulbous lower abdomen.

Chris stiffened in his seat but managed to suppress the feeling momentarily as he thanked Rachel for the fourth round of drinks.

“You know, if you really have to go Rachel, you can” Chris offered.

Rachel’s eyes flashed momentarily with relief and a smile started to spread across her face, but she quickly suppressed it.

“Oh no that’s fine. I’ll be quite alright. Like I said earlier, I do really need to go, but it’s not an absolute necessity just yet. I’m fairly resilient to these things” Rachel replied, a slight quiver apparent in her last couple of words.

Chris smiled, she really was pushing herself wasn’t she?

Another hour or so passed and Chris checked his phone. 22:40. He cleared the tab they had built up behind the bar and they set off back towards the house.

###

As they made their way upstairs, there was no evidence of the alluring, swaying strut that Rachel had performed just a few hours prior. She walked one hand in crotch, taking each step one at a time as if in some considerable pain.

As they undressed, Chris marvelled at the proportions of Rachel’s bladder, which by now stuck out at least two to three inches beyond its usual position

“Shall we shower before bed?” Chris suggested.

“Ooh, s...sure” Rachel replied hesitantly.

They both climbed into the shower, pressed up against one another even more than before, such was the additional space that their pair of bulbous bladders now occupied. While still struggling with his own desperate predicament, Chris could not help but be aroused by Rachel’s naked form once more. He grabbed her hips from behind, pulling her ass towards his hips, sliding his cock gently back and forth between her firm cheeks.

“Ooh babe, be careful” Rachel spoke through gritted teeth.

Chris slowed his strokes and eased his grip on her hips. He noticed now that Rachel was quivering from head to toe, and he decided that the shower must have triggered a further stage of desperation beyond which she would freely admit to. Chris wrapped up the shower as quickly as he could; after all he wanted Rachel’s desperation to continue for as long as possible.

They brushed their teeth and climbed into bed, far more gingerly than the previous evening. Chris, while desperate, still yearned to plunge his cock deep inside Rachel, so aroused was he by both her form and her desperate state. He made a move as if to do so but Rachel brushed him off.

“Hey, I think those beers have me feeling a bit queasy, do you mind if we don’t tonight? I’m sure I’ll feel better in the morning” Rachel offered.

“Sure, no problem, are you sure you’re OK?” Chris replied.

“Oh of course” Rachel responded, hand in crotch, still quivering slightly. “I’m just a little full” she smiled, nodding her head downwards towards her bladder.

“I can still blow you though” she beamed.

Chris, never a man to look a gift horse in the mouth, lay back and let Rachel work away on his rock hard cock with her tongue. He came very quickly such was his aroused state, and soon after they both fell into a desperate state of sleep.

###

Unusually, Rachel was the first of the pair to wake. She turned over and checked her phone. 06:30. As she came round, she was shocked by the violent pulses coming from her bladder. No surprise really, she thought. It had in fact been nearly 48 hours since she last peed at around 08:00 two days ago.

Rachel was quietly quite proud of herself, she had always felt that she had had a strong bladder, but never had anyone actively encouraged her to hold it. She was also very impressed by Chris’s holding ability. While she didn’t buy into the idea of men naturally having bigger bladders, she didn’t often stifle a small giggle whenever a man had to scurry off for two or three pees in her presence while she nursed a comfortably full bladder. Chris had been a breath of fresh air over the last couple of days.

She gave herself a sudden squeeze as another violent pulse rippled through her body. She knew she was right at her limits, but she didn’t want to let herself down in front of Chris. She thought she’d try and wake him up as she knew he must also be struggling somewhat by now, despite the brave display he had put on last night.

She turned over with her back now facing Chris and rubbed her ass gently in his crotch, in a manner that could easily have been mistaken as an accident. She knew her curves drove Chris wild, and sure enough he soon stirred and started semi - consciously partaking in Rachel’s grinding. Summoning as much composure as she could muster, Rachel pushed deep into Chris’s crotch, eliciting a deep groan from her companion.

“Good morning” Chris sighed through the haze of fading unconsciousness.

“Good morning” Rachel smiled back. “Want to jump in the shower and start the day?”

“Sure, I’ll join you in just a minute” Chris replied.

Rachel rose slowly from the bed and minced gently round the bed towards the door. She paused for a moment right next to Chris’s, shaking like a leaf from the oceans of pee she was trying to contain.

Chris was mesmerised, her bladder now protruded a good four inches from her hips, as she stood with one hand cupping her bladder, and another gently placed in her crotch, trying with all her might to pass it off subtly.

“You know, you can use the loo if you really need Rachel” Chris smiled.

“Oh no th...that’s fine. We need to get our day started!” Rachel said, through a strained smile.

Chris wondered to himself. She must be dying here. How far will she push herself. He stood up from the bed himself, suddenly all the more aware of his bladder, which felt for all the world like it was coming apart at the seams.

“What about that shower then?” Chris ventured.

“O...of course” Rachel stuttered.

They made their way down the corridor to the bathroom and Rachel tentatively switched the water on. The boiler had been off overnight and so the first few seconds were an icy blast of cold fresh liquid that shook the desperate pair to their very core.

“Fuck it’s no good! Chris exclaimed, jumping out of the shower. He yanked the toilet lid open and flung himself down on the seat. Piss exploded out of his overfull bladder and he sunk back on the seat as the last 47 hours of hot urine thundered out of him and clattered into the toilet bowl below.

For Rachel, who had already been suffering for around 16 hours or so, this was almost the last straw. Chris’s mammoth piss entered its second minute and she had to finally admit her need.

“Hey, umm, Chris, I do actually rather need to the loo all of a sudden, do you think you could hu...hurry it up a little?” she stammered.

“Why, would you say you have to go now?” Chris smiled.

“Well, I...I suppose you could say that” came Rachel’s slightly ashamed response.

Chris’s piss continued unabated for what felt to Rachel like an eternity. Eventually he got up, deliberately taking his time to wipe his cock with toilet paper before flushing away the contents of his bladder.

Ever the gentleman, Chris left the room as Rachel hobbled towards relief of her own. Closing the door behind him, Chris knelt down to hear the results of Rachel’s hold.

She set herself down on the toilet and urine poured out of her. She tried her best to suppress it but she could not entirely hold in a protracted moan of relief as a torrent of piss filled the toilet bowl below her at a stunning rate. Chris didn’t have a means of timing but it certainly went on for far longer than his, easily stretching to the three minute mark. After she flushed Chris got up and returned to the bedroom, not wanting to be caught in such a potentially compromising position.

Soon after she returned to the bedroom, cheeks visibly flushed from the combination of relief and embarrassment she was undoubtedly feeling. She climbed into bed and cuddled up next to Chris, who pulled her closer and wrapped his arm around her shoulder.

“I’m so sorry about that” Rachel spoke, a hint of embarrassment in her voice.

“No, not at all!” Chris replied eagerly. “It was rude of me to go first. You were obviously bursting to go.”

“Well, I was, but I don’t like to surrender to those urges if I can avoid it at all.” Rachel offered.

“No don’t be silly, I was really, I don’t know, sort of impressed?” Chris ventured, trying for all his worth to disguise his arousal.

Rachel smiled.

“Thanks, it was interesting to see how far I could go. I think I could potentially hold a little longer in future, if I paced myself a bit better you know?”

Chris could contain himself no longer, he turned and gave Rachel a deep passionate kiss and before long they were devouring one another once more, as the morning sunlight began to fall across the bed.

Chris had to pinch himself, what had he done to deserve this incredible woman?

*002*2020-06-15 10:09

{{On 6/13/2020 at 10:29 PM, Peter-P said:

That was a fascinating story!!!

But I wonder, if they may hold on after this first big piss for much longer the next days. Or at least Rachel may hold to an amazing and cruel state the next time...!

Some more days left of that common week over there...!

Keep on writing and let us enjoy Rachel's and Chris' bladder expanding games

Thank you for what you did and do!

}}

Thanks!

I may yet continue this saga but I have a few other ideas rattling around in my head that I’ll probably get to first.

*006*2020-06-16 20:01

{{9 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

I read this story in parts, slowly and steadily. Loved every bit of it. I always prefer to see both the male and the female holding for long durations and holding copious amounts of fluids. You nailed it. Its so sexy tosee Rachel pushing herself again and again while Chris keeps up with her. Then they pee almost simultaneously. Had it been, one peeing significantly after their partner, I would have been disappointed. But you hit the sweet spot. You are a star!

}}

Thanks! I tried to venture somewhat outside my comfort zone. I hear more and more that simultaneous peeing is popular as a conclusion to these types of scenarios, so I'll keep it in mind in the future.

{{42 minutes ago, Dtravis said:

I enjoyed this story! Male omorashi isn't really my thing, but there was plenty of Rachel's desperation to focus on. One thing I want to mention, I know this is English language based site, but there was a lot of 'fancy' uncommon words and language structure that isn't commonly used, and for me as for non-native English speaker it made reading harder than average story here.

}}

Apologies if this made it a little less accessible for you. You wouldn't be the first to criticise my extravagant writing style (teachers, colleagues, you name it!), I certainly don't think it's just you as a non - native speaker. By the sounds of it you were able to enjoy the story somewhat anyhow, so that's something.

{{40 minutes ago, PrincessPeeach said:

Interesting.....i felt like that was part of what made it better than the average story here....

}}

Thanks very much! I don't think there's much hope of me changing at this stage, even if I did want to


