Extended TV Scenes

Author: nononono

*000*2021-06-11 23:25

Just an idea I had, of extending TV scenes which show pee desperation. Let me know if have any requests, and I'll see what I can do...

###

The Simpsons - 9021-D'Oh

Marge Simpson had only just taken up jogging, but she was really starting to get a feel for it. She'd been gone from the house about half an hour, and already she was feeling the benefits of the fresh air. She was glad to get outside, especially on such a beautiful day, and she knew she had lots of errands to do in the afternoon. Feeling tired from her exercise, she noticed a man handing out free samples of 'Science Water' outside. Perfect! Marge thought. I can hydrate myself AND save money.

"Care to try our new Science Water?" a young ginger haired man asked politely.

"Mm the label is all in lowercase!" Marge remarked, taking a swig from her water. "It's like drinking E E Cummings."

"And each of our flavours is named after a real word. Nourish," the man handed Marge a green drink to swig from.

"Vitality." A swig. "Purple." A swig. "Potato lime." A swig. "I love the 90s." A swig. "New car smell." A swig.

After drinking the equivalent of a whole bottle in quite a short space of time, Marge realised that she hadn't actually been for a pee since she woke up four hours ago. And since then, she'd had two coffees, some orange juice, and now all this added water. Almost instantly, she found herself needing a pee. And badly.

"Excuse me, I'm feeling a little overhydrated," Marge told the salesman, crossing her legs to demonstrate her point.

"That's normal, that just means your bladder is full of science. Now if you'll excuse me, our company just went bankrupt," and before Marge could say anything, he was back driving his van, in need of a new pointless product to flog.

It's okay, Marge thought. Kwik-E-Mart is next door, I'll just go there. Calmly striding through the door, and trying to hide her growing need from Apu, she smiled whilst walking towards the counter.

"Good morning Apu, what a lovely day!" she remarked.

"Oh yes Mrs Simpson, reminds me of being back home. What can I do for you today? Some more Duff for Mr Simpson?" Apu asked.

"Not today thank you, I was just wondering if I can use your restroom quickly," she enquired, subtly rubbing her thighs together.

"Sorry Mrs Simpson, I can't let you do that without making a purchase, my brother Sanjay is very strict on that rule," he replied, gesturing towards his brother, standing in the doorway, glaring at Mrs Simpson.

"But I don't have any money with me. Please Apu, I really have to go!" Marge squirmed, hoping he'd take pity.

"Sorry Mrs Simpson, there's nothing I can do," Apu sympathetically replied.

"Owww," Marge scowled and gingerly waddled away, hoping to find somewhere to relieve herself.

"Thank you, come again!" Apu cheerfully bid farewell.

Marge was now desperate. She was moving faster than she had done throughout her jog, but she ran awkwardly to avoid any accidental leakage. Her eyes lit up as she saw the Springfield diner, but was dismayed to see a sign clearly saying 'Restrooms for customers only.' If only she'd bought her credit card with her.

"Ugh, got to find a place to tinkle!" Marge loudly remarked, not noticing a sailor smoking a cigar outside. She awkwardly curtseyed past him, as he admonished her outspoken language. As if to taunt her, the next shop was a bathroom store, with several toilets, all of which were unusable. Marge anxiously looked around, but to no avail. She considered just going at home, but she was another half an hour away, and she doubted she'd be able to make it without wetting herself.

Looking round, Marge noticed an alleyway on her right hand side. Could I, she thought. The streets are fairly quiet. Desperation got the better of her, and she darted into the alleyway. God, this is so embarassing. I hope nobody sees this. As she began to slide her pink joggers down, she heard a short police siren. Rats, she thought.

"What's going on here?" asked the nasal voice of Police Chief Wiggum.

"Oh nothing Chief Wiggum, just stopping for a break from my run," Marge replied, feeling her resolve begin to slip.

"Oh really? You look a bit flushed, Mrs Simpson," Marge winced as he said this. "And our number one" *wince* "priority is keeping you safe. This city is a toilet" *groan* "sometimes and we just need to make sure you feel safe." Chief Wiggum took a long sip from his Squishee, causing Marge to contort her legs dramatically to avoid any leakage.

"Noeverything'sfinechiefwiggumi'vegottogohomenow!" Marge ran from the alleyway, her bladder now fit to burst.

Now frantic, Marge gasped as a drop of pee escaped, dampening her white panties. I can't wet myself. Imagine what Helen Lovejoy would say. They'll think I'm a drunk or something. Passing the school, Marge had her solution. "Schools have bathrooms. And I'm a woman, so my going in unattended won't cause a panic."

Fortunately for Marge, all the teachers were in lessons, so it was fairly easy to sneak in and use the bathroom. Darting into the first available stall, she ripped her joggers and panties down, sat down on the toilet and let it go. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, Marge exclaimed as her bladder slowly deflated. "Hi Mrs Simpson," Lisa's friend Janie called from outside. Damn, she must have recognised my hair, Marge thought. "Janie," she awkwardly repiled. As her torrent of pee dimmed down to a trickle, and then stopped completely. Marge wiped herself, pulled her panties and joggers back up, and was now ready to continue with her day.

$iframe height="113" width="200" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/q9H_iXbcgwo?feature=oembed" )

*007*2021-06-14 23:53

For context, this show is about six property guardians living together in a disused hospital. In this episode, Anthony is helping Lulu become a property guardian, but they need to find money for a deposit. As a result, they visit Lulu's aunt's house to try and borrow some money.

###

Crashing - Series 1 Episode 4 (

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/34432-crashing-s1-e4/?do=embed"

"Okay goodbye Aunt Gladys, thank you for the money!" Lulu called out, as Gladys tried to kiss her for the millionth time that day.

It had been an awkward visit. Gladys had massively stepped her foot in it by saying Anthony and Lulu were perfect for each other, despite his pending engagement. They'd also ended up having ten large shots of whiskey each, mainly to get her aunt drunk enough to agree to lend them the money. Nonetheless, they achieved their primary goal, and Lulu would now be able to put down a deposit.

"So about what she said in there..." Lulu started.

"It's fine. It's cool. Don't worry," Anthony replied.

Lulu frowned. She didn't really think it was fine, or cool, and she was worried. They now had a half hour walk back to the office to hand in her deposit, and she'd be fine to live there permanently.

"Uh oh," Lulu stopped in her tracks.

"What is it?" asked Anthony, with genuine concern.

"I really need a wee," Lulu answered, bouncing on the spot a bit.

"Oh," replied Anthony, who had sensibly gone to the loo at Gladys's house. "How bad is it?"

"Pretty desperate, it takes fucking hours to get out of this thing so I've not peed since I woke up," Lulu replied.

Lulu was wearing an all-denim playsuit, which whilst fashionable, was tough to escape from, even harder when drunk. Since waking up, she'd had a coffee, a glass of orange juice and ten fairly large shots of whiskey.

"Can you hold on?" asked Anthony.

"Guess I have no choice..." Lulu answered nervously.

The two carried on with their walk without much free flowing conversation. Anthony was still processing what Gladys had said about the two of them, as was Lulu, whilst also concentrating on her aching bladder.

"How far is it? I'm absolutely bursting!" Lulu had dropped all pretence of trying to act normal, and was constantly shuffling, crossing her legs and digging her fists into her crotch when no one was looking.

"About ten minutes," Anthony replied.

"I don't think I can last that long, is there a toilet on the way?" she asked, desperately.

"Don't think so, and anyway we don't have time. You and I both know that that Quentin dickhead will use any excuse to not let you in," Anthony said bluntly.

"Aw man, I'm gonna piss myself," Lulu cried.

"Wouldn't be the first time," Anthony retorted. Indeed, Anthony had seen Lulu wet herself many times. There was the time they did too many drugs together at uni and Lulu pissed herself in front of everyone because she lost the ability to walk temporarily. Or the time she wet herself on the dancefloor because Obviously by McFly came on in the club and she didn't want to miss it. He'd also seen her pee into a McDonalds cup on the top floor of the 78 bus in London, and too many times to count had he seen her piss in the street on the way back from a night out.

"Yeah but I think my new landlord could do without seeing me covered in piss, don't you?" Lulu snapped.

"I don't know, he might be into it..." Anthony teased.

Lulu started laughing, and immediately slapped Anthony. "Don't make me laugh you prick, you know how bad my pelvic floor muscles are."

Despite her relatively small bladder being at close to capacity, they both made it to the office, with no leakage. "Right, now where the fuck is the toilet?" Lulu whispered, holding her crotch tightly.

"Just on the... oh," Anthony pointed towards a sign reading 'Toilets Blocked'.

"Ahhh I'm dying here, what should I do?" Lulu was trying her best not to panic and failing.

"Ah, you two, would you like to come through?" asked Quentin.

Lulu could only nod, every thought was focussed on not wetting herself in front of her landlord. As Quentin sat down, he noticed Lulu's constant shuffling.

"Are you alright?" he asked.

Lulu tried to speak, but was only capable of a quiet grunting sound. "Do you have a toilet she could use please?" Anthony asked.

He pointed towards the disabled toilet just outside his office, and Lulu was on her way as quick as she possibly would. "She won't be long," Anthony added as Lulu hobbled out of the office and the toilet door closed behind her.

Destiny was in sight. But she forgot about the significant obstacle to her finally being able to piss - her jumpsuit. She reached for the zip on her back, dancing desperately on the spot to keep her pee inside her for just a bit longer. It was no use, it must have got stuck somehow. Lulu moved to plan B, to try and pull the jumpsuit to one side so she could pee directly into the toilet without having to remove the jumpsuit. The toilet being so close sent her over the edge with desperation, and she found herself contorting in all sorts of positions to try and keep her panties dry. Again, no luck. The fabric was too tight to pull to one side.

Lulu was now beside herself with desperation. Her bladder was ready to explode, and her choices were either get out of the jumpsuit, or piss herself. Unable to think straight, she started to tear her jump suit off, pulling at the fabric from just under her boob, and ripping it across her body. "LET ME OUT!" she shouted. Pulling the fabric down, her black panties were now partially exposed, enough so that she could pull them down and ---

Utter bliss. Lulu felt all her worries trickle down into the toilet bowl, as her aching bladder released its unwanted urine. This is better than sex, she thought, with her stream showing no signs of stopping. As the euphoria of her pee wore off, her thoughts turned to what she was going to do about her unwearable jump suit. In a panic, she phoned Anthony.

"Hi," replied Anthony.

"In here. Now," Lulu answered, with a hint of shame in her voice.

"Yeah, okay, bye," said Anthony, bemused. "Excuse me," he made his excuses to a confused and frustrated Quentin.

Anthony opened the door to find Lulu stood there, bottom half of her jumpsuit ripped, top half completely missing, tits fully on display.

"Lu, what the fuck?" he asked.

"There may have been a slight issue getting the jumpsuit off," Lulu saw his exasperated face. "What was I meant to do, I was bursting so badly. I pissed a whole lake in there."

"Okay, well you can't go out there like that," said Anthony.

"No really? I can't go out with my tits hanging out? Whatever next," Lulu remarked sarcastically.

"Sarcasm noted, why don't you wear my t-shirt?" he asked.

"Well what will you do?" she replied.

"It's more socially acceptable for me to have my tits out than you, and while that makes no sense, it is what it is so let's just do that so we can get out of here."

"Deal."

Amazingly, Lulu was accepted as a property guardian, despite her referee being topless, and her being drunk, and nearly refusing to hand over the money because she didn't trust him. They left the office and began to walk back to the hospital, where Lulu was now a paid up member of the family.

"Anthony?" asked Lulu.

"Yes?" he replied.

"I think I need a wee again."

