Bedwetting Blunders At Camp Wellspring ~Too Scared~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2022-12-06 03:18

Here's the next chapter in the Bedwetting Blunders series. This was originally meant to be published on Halloween, but different circumstances ended up delaying it. I hope you enjoy regardless. Let me know what you think, and feel free to tell me about any Halloween themed bedwetting stories you have.

“Do you want to hear a scary story I hear about our cabin?” Faye scanned the room for takers, but no one seemed to be listening. “Figures,” she said to herself. Faye was typically an outcast, always being shunned by her peers for being the weird girl that was into occult practices.

“No one wants to any of that because it’s all bogus,” Samantha chimed in. A beautiful and busty blonde, her popularity in school emanated a dominant aura that none would dare defy. “Besides, it’s already nighttime. I just want to go to bed.”

“Oh please, we all know the real reason is because you’re too much of a pussy to handle it,” Terri snapped back. Terri was a tomboy, but more on the muscular side. She used that for good, acting as the bully of bullies and an older sister figure to the more quiet and reserved girls in school. Faye was happy to have her in the same cabin, especially to keep Sam in check.

“Well, actually,” Sara interjected and adjusted her square-frame glasses before continuing, “even if she was scared, it’s theoretically improbable, if not impossible, for such a paranormal anomaly to occur. As Samantha states, it’s ‘bogus’.” Sara wasn’t the loud type, but as a girl of science, it was hard for her to keep her mouth closed when anything defied her way of thinking. She was a geek in every sense of the word, including her appearance, sporting impractically long, red, braided twintails that ended at her butt.

“I-I’m not scared of anything!” Sam rebutted, clearly taken aback by the accusations weighed against her. “We can listen to the dumb story. I doubt it’s nothing but fluff anyways.”

“Hehehe,” Faye chuckled to herself. “Sounds good to me. Everyone else in?” she asked with a slightly crooked smile.

“Eh, could be fun. Camp’s been boring so far anyways.” Terri sat down on the floor next to Faye’s bed, spreading her legs out as she got comfortable.

“Very well, I’ll humor your fairytale,” Sara said, taking her seat across from Terri. “But just so you know, I don’t believe any of this for a second!”

“Well, for once it seems we’re in agreement, dork,” Sam commented as she crossed her legs on her bed. “Well creep? Let’s hear it. Tell me a story that’ll make me pee my pants in fear,” she challenged sarcastically.

“Oh, how topical,” Faye said eerily, her cold chill entering the cabin. “I’ve got the story just for you then.” The cultist girl proceeded to open a black journal she had on her nightstand and read from it. “About 30 years ago, when Camp Wellspring was first founded, there were a group of four girls in this exact cabin. All of them were pretty typical girls, except for one. She had a certain… condition. She was a bedwetter.”

“What?” The blonde interrupted. “What part of this is scary? Are you sure you’re not just reading your fetish journal?” The two other girls snickered a bit, but that didn’t stop Faye from continuing the story.

“Don’t you worry. But just so you know, it’s rude to make fun of the dead.” All three girls shut up at that comment. “One night, the other girls in the cabin discovered her wearing nighttime protection and dogpiled onto her. They teased her and even beat her up for the entire night. The following night, she took her fate into her own hands. Brandishing a knife, she slaughtered all of her cabin mates, before taking her own life.”

“H-hey,” Sara said with a shiver, “that’s getting a bit too real, don’t you think?”

“Hehe, are you scared?” The purple-clad occult club member joked.

“Of course not!” Sam answered on the science girl’s behalf. “I-it’s preposterous. Totally horse crap!”

“I gotta admit, it does all come off as a bit farfetched,” Terri chimed in.

“Don’t believe me? That’s fair. After all, I didn’t believe it myself. I thought it was just a campfire story that my upperclassmen were gassing me up with. That is, until I got here and found this.” Faye moved her bed, revealing a large red stain soaked into the wooden floor. A shiver ran down the other girls’ spines. Even Terri, despite her usual courage, was unnerved by the sight and the obvious implications.

“That’s fucked up,” the butch girl said aloud, causing the less brave girls around her to shiver.

“Well, that’s not the end,” Faye said. “Apparently her ghost still roams around the campgrounds at night. Our school newspaper has had reports of sightings almost every year, ranging from the councilor’s office to the bathrooms, and worst of all, our specific cabin.”

“Okay, I’ve heard enough!” Samantha said before storming out the door. “I-I’m heading for a walk. I want to get some fresh air before bed.”

“Uh, yeah. I gotta take a piss. I’ll be back in a bit,” Terri said before making her own leave. Faye turned to look at Sara, prompting her to scootch backwards a little bit.

“I-I don’t have anything better to do, so I’m heading straight to bed!” And do so she did, burying herself under the covers, making herself invisible to the world around her. Faye chuckled, moving her own bed back where it was and getting in it to rest herself.

“Jeez, stupid freak,” Sam said as she kicked a rock in the dark. “She’s actually got me rattled over nothing.” She sauntered a bit into the woods to calm herself, but that turned out to be a mistake. As she went a bit deeper, the sounds of the wild animals and lack of lighting save for the moon only served to build the already nestled fear in her heart. What’s more she could feel the need to relieve herself rising. “Damn, I should’ve went with Terri to the restroom.” She scanned her surroundings before biting her lip.

She could still go now, but she remembered what Faye said about the ghost. “I guess I could just go here. No one would know,” she thought to herself. However, she barely made it halfway through pulling her pajama shorts down before she noticed some heavy rustling in the bushes in front of her. “W-who’s there?” She questioned, pulling her shorts back up. Silence followed. She took a step backwards before bumping into something. She didn’t dare say a word as she felt a breath against her cheek, the presence behind her saying only one thing.

“Sam.”

Sam turned tail and ran with a bloody scream. Her feet carried her as she scrambled her way back through the woods. She didn’t stop running until she made it back to the cabin, slamming the door with a thud. She took several minutes to collect herself. Looking around the cabin, it seemed that Terri was still out, but otherwise everyone was sound asleep. Exhausted and scared, she made her way to bed too, ignoring the discomfort in her bladder as she eventually drifted to sleep.

“Shit, I’ve been holding it for forever,” Terri complained as she entered the public toilets. Maybe it had something to do with Faye’s story, but the building seemed eerier than normal. She was slightly taken aback by lack of lighting and the creaking of the wooden stalls, a draft moving the doors slightly. “Okay Terri, you’re not a punk ass bitch. Just take a piss and get out,” she emboldened herself. As she entered the stall, she could’ve sworn she heard whispers outside, but was able to shake it off, amounting it to the wind making weird noises. She pulled down her pants and boxers as her butt made contact with the cold porcelain. She was about to let the stream flow, when suddenly she heard a scream come from outside.

“Fuck, shit! Shit!” With no hesitation, the butch girl’s calm stance broke as she rushed to pulls her clothes back on and leave the bathroom. She didn’t run, but paced quickly back to the cabin, being sure to check her surroundings the entire way back. As she entered the cabin, she noted the other girls all apparently asleep and sighed. “Sheesh, I’m all worked up over nothing,” she thought to herself as she got in bed, her need to pee still unsatisfied.

“Ugh, this isn’t good,” Sara whined in her head. “I gotta pee.” Ever since she’d hid herself in bed, she’d been dying to use the bathroom. However, Faye’s story had rattled her to her very core. Science and logic be damned, she couldn’t muster the courage to leave the cabin, let alone the bed. “What do I do?” She thought. “There’s no way I’m gonna be able to last the night.” She squeezed her hands between her thighs as she searched for an answer. Eventually, she came to one. “Logically speaking, it should be okay to wet the bed here.” The thought sounded dumb at first, but she continued to humor it. 

“Barring Faye, the other two girls were afraid of the story too. So even if I wet the bed, they won’t shame me for it!” It was a ridiculous proposition, but in her mind, it was her only option. She took her hands out from between her legs and placed her twintails above her head as she laid on her back. She took a couple of deep breaths before letting go. A hissing sound filled the cabin as she deliberately wet the bed, a pool of warm urine forming around her body. Tears began to develop in her eyes as she finished the deed. Disappointed and satisfied as the same time, she shut her eyes tight, eventually convincing herself to fall asleep.

Faye slept soundly. The knowledge that she’d managed to scare her cabin mates brought her immense pleasure. However, as she awoke from her sleep, she knew something was wrong. She couldn’t move, nor could she speak. “W-what’s going on?” she thought to herself in a panic. “Is this sleep paralysis?” As she stared at the ceiling, a being began to form in front of her own eyes, ghostly in nature. Faye’s eyes went wide, both in fear and excitement. The situation wasn’t good, but she couldn’t help but feel validated seeing a ghost in real life. That was, until the ghostly girl pressed a hand on Faye’s stomach and pushed on it.

The eerie girl was given a hefty reminder of her need to pee, and from the looks of it, that ghost fully intended on making her do it in her bed. Faye wanted to scream, or shake her head, or do anything, but the paralysis held firm as the ghost continued to push down on her bladder. Faye was able to let out a small whimper as she felt her endurance give, her pee bursting out of her and onto the awaiting sheets and mattress, soaking her purple panties as well. As she finished, the ghost faded back into nothingness and Faye regained control of her body, but at this point she couldn’t do anything but sob to herself as she soaked in her own accident.

Morning came, with four girls standing in urine-soaked clothes, staring at each other and their accompanying wet beds. Nothing was said until Sara broke the silence. “Camp rules say that anyone who wets the bed has to wear diapers for the rest of their time here.” The girls collectively shivered at the statement, but didn’t have time to ponder it before the head councilor entered the cabin for the wake up call, and in doing so, caught them all red-handed.

“You’ve got to believe us!” Sara pleaded.

“Believe what? In ghosts? Stop making excuses,” the councilor chided.

“B-but how else do you explain the red stain under my bed?” Faye asked, more panicked than she had been by the ghost itself.

“Some girls had spilt wine there years ago without telling anyone. By the time we found out, the floor was already stained deep,” the older woman explained.

“B-but someone had gotten behind me and scared me last ni-,” Sam argued before she was cut off.

“That was me,” the councilor said firmly. “You were out way past curfew and I wanted to ask what you were doing before you ran off, screaming like a banshee.”

“That was YOU screaming?!” Terri yelled, pissed at this revelation.

“Yeah, what of it, bitch?!” The duo entered a shouting match with each other, throwing insults between each other.

“Enough!” the councilor demanded. “Normally, for bedwetters we just make them wear pull-ups so it’s not as embarrassing, but clearly you girls are just no good, loudmouth liars, no better than toddlers.” The girls all cowered at the older lady’s outburst. “As punishment for your misbehavior, you four will be wearing these large diapers, made for girls with incontinence. You will be checked regularly, and your privacy will not be respected.” That statement struck more fear in them than the ghost ever could. Realizing they were in a bad position and shouldn’t push their luck, the girls agreed to the punishment, a mix of anger, fear and sadness overwhelming them, tears streaming down their cheeks.

By the end of the week, all four girls were thoroughly humiliated. None of their clothes did anything to hide their padded undergarments. The diaper checks weren’t discreet at all either, sometimes being done in front of everyone at the site. Although Terri and Sam didn’t have any more accidents, neither Faye nor Sara were able to keep their diapers dry at night, still too mortified by the ghost to use the bathroom. They became close friends by the end of the week because they were now all they had at school. And to this day, all of them believe their dilemma was revenge from the bedwetter ghost of Camp Wellspring.

*002*2022-12-06 04:28

{{30 minutes ago, Hypergirl said:

Wow absolutely love your story!

Fantastic job

}}

Thank you!

I'm glad you enjoyed it!

*004*2022-12-06 05:18

{{1 minute ago, Garrus said:

Another great story. Thanks for posting!

Personally I might have liked to see just one of the proud girls (Sam) be humiliated by having an accident when the others didn't, but I still really enjoyed it.

}}

Thanks for reading!

I had thoughts about writing out the whole second night in diapers, but the story was already dragging way past what I considered to be normal length, so I decided to cut it short. I didn't want to make too big a difference in word count between Chapter 1 and 2, nor did I want to set an expectation on length for future chapters. I absolutely would've done something like that though.

