The Amber Fountain

Author: nestorius

*000*2025-09-01 19:40

Long ago, the people of the desert kingdom lived in harmony with nature and the seasons’ cycles. Every year, in the spring, the river would overflow as the snowmelt from faraway mountains burst its banks, and every year, in the fall, the people would reap a rich harvest from their fields thanks to the fertile silt the river left behind.

This cycle continued for time immemorial, until an ambitious king came to power, Marius the First. The king promised the people that, with the aid of his court magicians, he would teach them to control the flow of the river. No longer dependent on the cycle of the seasons, they could reap two or three harvests each year, and enjoy as much water as they wanted during the long, dry winters.

King Marius ordered the construction of a massive dam at the headwaters of the river, and drafted all the able-bodied workers of the kingdom to speed its completion. With the power of the dam, he would hold back the river as long as he desired, releasing it only according to his master plan for the kingdom. He ordered the temple of the River Goddess destroyed, planning to use the stone and precious metals to erect a new temple to his own intellect and greatness.

On the last day of spring, the King assembled all his generals and ministers at the foot of the dam, for a speech marking its grand opening. He mocked the river goddess, and declared that from now on, the only ruler of the river would be him. Just as the King finished his speech, and went to lay the final stone of the dam, it sprung a leak. Then a spurt. Then came the flood, as the stone bulged outwards with the pressure of waters held back too long, and the gates tore open, soaking everything downstream.

Downriver, as the waters tore through the city, the people cried out to their old patroness, the river goddess, to save them. They begged her to stop the flood and spare their lives. She obliged, and the river never flowed again. A thousand years later, the kingdom lies buried beneath shifting sands, and only one source of flowing water survives, in the ruined Temple of the River Goddess- the legendary Amber Fountain. The powerful magic of the desert burns away the very blood of the body, turning would-be adventurers to dust, but only once a group of heroes manages to carry a vial of holy water to the Fountain and appease the Goddess will the waters flow once again.

“That,” Kendra said, her arms crossed, “is the stupidest plot I have ever heard.”

“So all the people are, like, thirsty?” Sophie said, her index finger lightly tapping her drink.

“I brought Mechwarrior,” Anna said, hopefully, to no one in particular.

“It’s my party, so I get to pick what we play!” Stella said. “I found the book in my parents’ attic when I was home last Christmas- it’s like, zeroth edition D&D. A classic…”

“What’s that for, then?” Kendra replied, gesturing towards the tall copper-colored jug in the center of the table.

“It’s an amphora,” Britney said, her eyes glimmering in realization.

“It’s the Amphora of the River Goddess,” Stella said, “and that’s how you’re going to reach the fountain! Only drinking water blessed by the goddess can protect you from the curse!”

“But the curse is only in the game,” Sophie said.

“That’s probably going to give us tetanus,” Kendra fumed.

“Okay, fine, it’s three liters of ginger ale and vodka in a flower vase I bought at the thrift store last weekend. But I washed it really good! And the first distilled liquor in history was called aqua vitae, the water of life, so in a sense, it IS holy water,” Stella said triumphantly.

The group had all met in college, a few years back, when Stella had recruited whomever she could from her freshman dorm to join a Dungeons and Dragons group. Playing the game had eased the social transition into college considerably, and even as they found their own clubs and interests besides, the women had stuck together all the way through graduation.

Of course, they had scattered across the country afterwards, finding (and losing) jobs, partners, and so on. Their last campaign, a Discord-based Dark Heresy game, had gradually petered out a few months ago. But when Stella had invited everyone to visit for a weekend as a reunion of sorts, she had insisted that the first activity be what had originally brought them together: a nice Friday night tabletop gaming session.

Now, they were gathered around a long wooden table in Stella’s dining room, converted for the occasion into a gaming den. Stella sat at the head of the table, her tumbling blonde curls and mischievous blue eyes partially hidden by a cardboard screen. To her left was Kendra, who Sophie had once dubbed “very short, but with tall vibes.” Her long, dark hair was done up in a messy ponytail, and her foot tapped ever so slightly beneath the table.

Across from Kendra was Sophie, a tall redhead with elegantly painted emerald nails which neatly set off her green eyes. At the far end from Stella, there was Anna, a mousy brunette in a wildly oversized Metallica tee that hung past her tiny jean shorts, To Sophie’s right sat Britney, in a long red dress more suited for the nightclub than their current surroundings.

Stella vanished into the kitchen for a moment, and returned with five tall glasses, into which she poured the liquid from the improvised amphora. She settled back into the comfy armchair she had earlier dragged to the table, and outlined the scenario for the group. Their characters, various adventurers from across the realms, had gathered to attempt to reach the legendary Amber Fountain, at the heart of the buried city of Al’Tazz. A vengeful goddess’s curse over the area would evaporate any liquid they carried, even the blood from inside their bodies, so they would need to drink a special elixir of holy water to reach the fountain. Stella was midway through explaining the detailed supplemental rules for dehydration and exhaustion when Anna interrupted.

“Wait, so at the end, we- our characters I mean- are supposed to just PEE the water into the fountain?”

“Could have just played FATAL instead,” Kendra muttered.

Stella chuckled nervously. “Well, no, I was getting to that part. There’s a magic item inside the dungeon that will let you extract the water from your bodies at the end.”

“But if we did pee, then we’d be out of luck,” Sophie opined, “because that would be the last of the water.”

“You could do a Bear Grylls situation,” Britney pointed out, “and probably recycle the water for a while, if it came to it.”

“Nobody is peeing or drinking pee!” Stella said. “Just think of it as like, a magic dimension, where nobody pees, okay?”

After a spirited discussion of the benefits and drawbacks of a magic dimension where nobody peed, , Stella put her foot down, and the game started in earnest. Stella began to read from the sourcebook she had brought, a dogeared hardcover that looked like it hadn’t seen daylight in half a century:

After many days of travel through the hostile desert, and many terrifying perils, you have finally arrived at your destination. Before you lie the ruins of the once-mighty Desert Kingdom, which in its heyday ruled the land from the Sunrise Mountains to the Bitter Sea. Its capital city, Al’Tazz, was destroyed by the wrath of the gods long ago, in a cataclysm of floods and droughts that has passed from memory to myth, from myth to legend.

At first, you wonder if your maps were accurate. The road peters out into trackless desert, and all around you see nothing but shifting sands. The midday sun beats heavy on your necks, and the ground shimmers with the unrelenting heat.

“Take one level of exhaustion,” Stella announced.

“But we haven’t even started yet!” Anna protested.

“I don’t make the rules,” Stella shrugged. “I mean, I literally make the rules, but this is what the book says. Do I need to go over the dehydration stuff again?”

Cowed by this threat, the group moved on. Kendra’s character, a rogue, was unanimously nominated as the best choice to search for the temple entrance, with the assistance of Sophie’s ranger. A few rolls later, they unearthed a tunnel, which led to an underground gate.

Kendra shifted in her seat. “I examine the gate.”

“Roll Investigation,” Stella said.

“Seventeen. Plus five, so twenty-two.”

“Excellent,” Stella purred. “The gate is of weather-beaten copper, in no style you have ever seen. At the foot of the gate, barely visible under the dust, there is an inscription. In the language of the Desert Kingdom…”

“Which we all took at character creation,” Sophie coughed.

“Which of course you did, for no metagame reason at all,” Stella continued. “In the language of the Desert Kingdom, the inscription reads, ‘Welcome, traveller, to the Threshold of the Throne. Render your tribute, and enter.’ Besides it is an engraving of travelers bowing and offering their gifts to the King.”

“Render your tribute, and enter…” Anna pondered.

Kendra’s rogue tried to pick the gate’s lock, and failed. Sophie’s ranger sent her animal companion to reconnoiter, but this yielded only news of a deeper, darker tunnel beyond. Anna and Britney racked their brains for any magic their wizard and cleric had that might help, but achieved nothing except wasting a few spell slots and creating a rather unique fireworks display in the confined space. The group collected all their gold and silver pieces together, and made a neat pile in front of the inscription, but this yielded nothing either.

Once the group had clearly hit a wall, Stella looked down the table at Anna.

“Your wizard is proficient in History, right? Do you want to roll a skill check?”

Anna nodded, and even before the clattering die had rolled to a stop Stella continued:

“This was built in two phases, remember? The King tore down the Goddess’s old temple, and started building his own. So the ‘Threshold to the Throne’ is the entrance hall to what he thought would be his temple. What kind of tribute do you think he wants?”

Anna’s brows furrowed in thought. Kendra crossed her arms across her chest and bit her lip absentmindedly, her eyes darting back and forth. Britney Googled something on her phone. Sophie was the first to speak:

“Well, the King is all about control, right? The city got destroyed because he wouldn’t just let the water flow.” Kendra winced slightly at this and crossed her legs.

Sophie went on, oblivious, “So he wants to prove he’s in control, and that everyone obeys him.”

“But what are we supposed to give him?” Britney asked. “We barely have anything worth anything.”

“I have an idea,” Anna piped up. “I kneel before the inscription.” The rest of the group quickly agreed to join her.

Stella smirked. “You hear a *click*, as if of a pressure plate. The gate swings open.”

By this point, Kendra’s legs were tightly crossed, and she had been rocking gently back and forth in her seat for the last ten minutes. “Great, then,” she said, standing up. “I need to head to the throne in real life, because I am on the threshold of peeing my pants. Stella, where’s your bathroom?”

“Upstairs, off the bedroom,” Stella replied. “There’s a half-bath in the front hallway, but I’m renovating and I forgot to schedule the plumber to connect the new fittings,” she said grinning sheepishly.

“Got it,” Kendra said, allowing her thighs a minute squeeze. She could feel the waistband of her tight jeans cutting into her bladder- actually, she’d been able to feel that when she arrived, but she’d been running rather late, and Stella had launched right into her spiel when Kendra was barely in the door.

She normally considered herself able to hold it in as long as she needed or wanted to- the product of a lifelong aversion to public bathrooms, plus the regrettable working conditions of her job as a high school teacher. But it was getting to the point where she couldn’t focus, and she wanted to enjoy the night with her friends. She walked back to the front hallway, half-skipped up the stairs- had it been this urgent before? Thinking back, she hadn’t actually used the restroom since leaving her apartment for the airport at ten o’clock that morning. Her bladder cramped fiercely, and she strode decisively into the bedroom and through the bathroom door. She wriggled down her jeans, sat on the cool seat- god, she had to PISS- and, just as blissful relief was at hand…

The rogue, Cassandra, blinked and looked around. She was in a dim tunnel. There was a large copper gate before her, one door swung wide open. She was clad in tight-fitting leather armor, and wrapped all about with a grey-blue cloak. She was acutely conscious of how tight-fitting the leather armor was, because it was squishing her overfull bladder like a boa constrictor. And wait, her name wasn’t Cassandra, it was Kendra.

“WHAT THE HELL?” Cassandra/Kendra screamed, in the tunnel, in the dark.

*001*2025-09-05 21:22

“The gates lie open before you,” Stella intoned solemnly, “into the depths of the ruined city. Dare you venture within?”

“Oh, we dare,” Sophie replied, taking a long slug of her cup and splashing a little on the neck of her white dress.

“Shouldn’t we wait for Kendra?” Anna interjected.

“We can say she’s scouting ahead for a bit,” Stella said. “We have a lot of dungeon to get through, and I want to keep things moving. Do you all, ah, dare?”

“Sure,” Britney said. Stella began to narrate once again:

The dark tunnel descend- deeperand deeper, until you feel sure you’ll suffocate on the stale, stiflingair. Suddenly, you feel a cool breeze across your faces- but that can’t be possible this deep down, can it? The path takes a turn, and you emerge into a vast open space, lit from far above by what seems like sunlight- ancient magic or deep-driven shafts, you can’t quite tell. All around you are the remains of plants both common and wondrous, long since dried to fossils, crumbling at the slightest touch. You rack your brains, and remember: this must be the Gardens of the Goddess, the sacred terraces which encircled the inner sanctum of her temple. From somewhere in the parchment-dry foliage, you hear a high, keening cry…

“Roll initiative!” Stella yelled, leaping from her seat. Anna started suddenly- Sophie simply grinned and leaned in, while Britney remained unmoved. The party found themselves swarmed by jackalweres, jackal-headed cursed servants of the Goddess, and without Kendra’s damage output they were hard-pressed. Finally, Sophie and Britney managed to hem most of the monsters into a corner.

“Anna, it’s your turn,” Stella said. “Anna?”

Anna, who had been staring off into the vague middle distance, spoke primly and matter of factly. “I cast fireball,” she said.

“Are you sure?” Stella said, “Yes!” Sophie said, and “No!” Britney said, all at the same time.

“Quiet down ya’ll, it’s her turn,” Stella chided. She peered down the table at Anna. “Anna, are you sure?”

Anna looked down at her character sheet, only once, briefly. “Yes. I cast fireball.”

“Okay,” Stella breathed, an entirely unwholesome grin spreading across her rosy features. “You cast fireball, and the last of the jackalweres burn up, and-“

“I didn’t even roll for damage!” Anna protested.

“Oh, yes,” Stella said, “go ahead and roll for damage. Double it. I mean, triple it. Because you cast fireball, in a giant room with ventilation, stacked to the ceiling with dry wood.”

“Oh,” Anna said, a few stray d6s dropping from the pile in her hand, “Oh, no.”

“I told you so,” Britney sighed. “Well, I was trying to tell you...”

Meanwhile…

Kendra paced furiously along the tunnel, her hands balled into fists at her side. Had the drinks been spiked? Was this a prank? A dream? Had she fallen asleep? Was her entire memory of a game and a weekend trip just one of those really elaborate dreams, where you have to pee really bad but keep running into absurd obstacles until you’re finally just about to pee and you suddenly wake up? But when she had started to pee, she hadn’t woken up in bed, she’d woken up here. Her bladder throbbed, reminding her she had started to pee, not actually, say, peed. She had loosened the straps on her leather pants as far as she dared, and they were starting to chafe quite unpleasantly. A particularly intense urge overtook her for a moment, and she doubled over, taking advantage of the privacy of the tunnel to press her fingers directly into her… high-waisted garters? What the hell was this fantasy-world underwear anyway?

Fuck it, no one was likely to come this way anyway. If it was a dream, she’d would only wet the bed, and if it wasn’t… best not to think about that. She pulled her pants down, spent a few agonizing minutes fiddling with the dozen or so clutches and buttons on the absurdly impractical garters, and finally dropped into a squatting position, braced against the wall of the tunnel. A voice boomed out-

KEEP THE FAITH, ADVENTURER!

Startled, she fell back against the wall just as a spurt of pee jetted past her lower lips and to the floor. She swore, and curled into a defensive ball, her bladder protesting vociferously against this unexpected interruption.

FURTHER WEAKNESS WILL NOT BE PERMITTED! KEEP THE FAITH, ADVENTURER!

Definitely a weird pee dream. She spoke, in a voice more tremulous than she had hoped:

“Who is that? Who are you? Where are you?” She glanced around, suspiciously. “Were you watching that? Fucking creep!”

I AM THE GUARDIAN OF THIS PLACE.

“Where am I?” Kendra asked, regaining some of her physical and metaphorical footing.

YOU HAVE EMBARKED UPON A QUEST WITHIN THE SACRED TEMPLE OF THE GODDESS. NOW, THERE IS NO TURNING BACK. ONLY DEATH OR VICTORY.

“What is the quest?”

TO BEAR THE HOLY WATER SAFELY TO THE AMBER FOUNTAIN, AND SO PURGE THE EVIL FROM THIS PLACE.

“How do I do that?”

YOU MUST USE THE POWER WITHIN.

“Can you be more specific?”

NO.

Kendra thought back to Stella’s endless, tortured exposition, about transporting the holy water inside their own bodies, and moaned.

“Do you mean the power within my bladder?”

YES.

“Well that’s hopeless, then. I was about ten minutes from wetting my jeans before you dragged me to- whatever this is- and I’m certainly not holding it into the depths of the temple or whatever. What if I just pee and leave?”

YOU WILL DIE. ONLY THE HOLY WATER WITHIN YOU KEEPS AWAY THE POWER OF THE CURSE. SHOULD IT PASS AWAY- SO SHALL YOU. PAINFULLY.

“Great. Lovely. Fabulous. I’ll just piss myself, then die.” Kendra awkwardly stood up and leaned against the wall, her back arched, the swell of her lower torso distinct against her otherwise slim form. She let her mind wander. She could remember her real life, in the other world- but new things, too. Sneaking around a city. Stealing things. Learning basic magic. Right- when she had created this character, she had made an Arcane Trickster. Absolutely suboptimal choice, really, useful only for flavor purposes. Lots of very situational spells. She thought through her spell list. Prestidigitation- that could clean things, which would be useful, if peeing her pants wouldn’t literally kill her first. Mage Hand- she could think of several uses for that, but most would only prolong the inevitable. Shape Water…

Her bladder was definitely smaller than a five-foot cube. But it normally only worked with water you could see- how would the spell react to her targeting her own body? She relaxed, closed her eyes, tried to focus within and picture the liquid currently filling her overworked organ to the brim. She whimpered, slightly, at the mental image. She reached out with her mind, willing the water to shrink. Water was nearly incompressible at room temperature, not much to do there, but anything helped.

She willed it upwards, then, away from her sphincter, and gasped with the strange sensation. Her bladder was still unmistakably full, but- one way to find out. She squatted back down, casting one more furtive glance at the empty tunnel. She relaxed her muscles, and nothing came. All that pee was still pressing against the walls of her bladder, but as long as the spell lasted, one hour, it physically could not come out, willed upwards by the power of the magic. When the spell ran out, though… She gingerly re-buckled the garters and pants, just enough to keep them from falling down, and continued along the tunnel, spiraling ever downwards.

Meanwhile… (again)

“We cannot keep setting everything on fire as a solution!” Britney said.

“This was a special case!” Anna said. “So was the vampire’s castle, and the rogue trader’s ship…”

“However,” Stella noted, “you have survived. For now. Seriously though, where is Kendra?”

The question floated in the air, unanswered.

“I can check on her,” Sophie volunteered. Her interest in the other woman’s whereabouts was not entirely academic- Stella had said there was only one working bathroom, and the various drinks of the night, while delicious, had rapidly been making their presence felt in her lower abdomen. In college, she had been famous for two things: always having to pee, and being willing to pee almost anywhere when the urge struck. Notwithstanding her lust for margaritas and her admittedly tiny capacity, she had never, ever wet herself, despite peeing in alleyways, parking lots, and, on one memorable occasion, an empty classroom, behind a particularly loathed professor’s desk.

However, as Sophie stood and headed for the hallway, her admittedly pressing urge to urinate was not actually the first need on her mind. Passing the stairwell, she headed for the back door, quietly slipped out, and felt around in her fashionable clutch bag. Right where she’d left them- a half-empty pack of American Spirits, and a gas-station Bic lighter. She’d picked up smoking senior year, on study abroad, and managed to hide the habit from both her parents and her friends (her mother would have killed her, and then Stella would have mangled the remains). But for the last half-hour she had felt the growing itch, and knocking back the mixed drinks Stella had prepared, however delicious, was no longer doing much to kill the feeling. She took once last glance towards the house, walked to roughly the middle of the quiet backyard, lit up, and took a long, glorious drag.

Her shoulders relaxed, and she sighed. She would quit, eventually. All the kids were vaping now, and that was probably worse in the long run. But she had always found something authentic about an actual cigarette, taken a deep pleasure in the rough smoke and the light burn against her lips. If something was going to kill you, it shouldn’t taste like banana passionfruit- it should hurt.

For five or six minutes, she stood, quietly, making it last. Finally, she stubbed the butt out on a concrete planter, and rolled it into the tangle of the hedge at the yard’s end, mentally apologizing to Stella and God and whoever for littering. Her bladder twinged, reminding her of her other unmentioned reason for taking a break. She looked back at the house. There was the group, talking animatedly at the dining room table- there was the light on in the upstairs bathroom, still.

“Who the fuck takes a shit at a party?” she said to the empty yard. She should be a good friend, and make sure Kendra wasn’t puking or worse. She would, in a moment, but before then, for old time’s sake… she couldn’t. Peeing drunkenly behind a frat house was one thing, but peeing drunkenly behind her friend’s home?

She would quit eventually.

She pulled off her entirely unfashionable granny panties, and folded them carefully on the planter. After one last glance back at the house, she squatted down, held the hem of her dress carefully away from her stream-to-be, like she had so many times. She relaxed, and- just when blissful relief was at hand!

The ranger, Silviana, blinked and looked around. She was in a vast greenhouse, or underground garden. She was clad in long, flowing white robes, completely impractical for her branch and thorn-laden surroundings, but excellent for keeping off the heat of the open desert. A light breeze made her very aware she was wearing nothing beneath the robes. The simmering embers on the breeze made her aware the garden was OH SHIT ON FIRE.

Silviana ran, blindly, the desiccated plants tearing at her robes, the smoke stinging her eyes. Finally, she reached a sheltered alcove of some kind, managed to steal a breath of cool air, a relief to her raw throat. She rested a moment, sought her bearings. But her name wasn’t Silviana… it was Sophie.

*006*2025-09-14 16:36

Thanks everyone for the nice feedback! Next chapter should be up shortly.

*007*2025-09-14 16:43

“Sophie sure has been gone a long time,” Anna observed coolly.

“Sophie and Kendra are both taking a really long time. Where the hell are they?” Stella said.

“Maybe Kendra’s sick, and Sophie’s helping her. Maybe they both decided to leave and go watch a movie, and not tell anyone. Maybe they got murdered by a ghost,” Britney reeled off.

“I can go check,” Anna offered.

“No, we’re not doing that horror movie one at a time bullshit,” Stella countered. “Let’s go, together. I’m worried about them.” Together, the women headed into the hallway, then up the stairs, Stella leading and Anna taking up the rear. Anna was quite curious where they had gone, because being pulled out of the flow of the game had made her aware she rather needed to pee.

Anna had always had a complicated relationship with her bladder. “Absentminded Anna,” her roommates had once called her, because she would sit perfectly still for hours playing video games, reading, or just scrolling through her phone, then leap up and start hammering on the door, pleading to be let in to the bathroom of their shared suite, absolutely desperate to pee. Anna, personally, considered this a plus. She didn’t need to squirm around and loudly proclaim her need like the other girls- she just held it as long as it was convenient to hold it, and when she needed to pee, she peed. She could remember one time, though, when she had let things go just a little too far.

A few years ago…

“You understand, conceptually,” Britney ventured.

“Mmm.” Anna replied.

“That this is a turn-based game.” Britney continued, in a level tone.

“Mmm hmm.” Anna said.

“And so you would not even have to press pause,”

“Mmm.”

“If you were to take a break.”

“Nnh nnh!” Anna objected fiercely.

“Anna…” Britney sighed.

“Stop distracting me! I’m almost finished,” Anna said, her legs pretzel-twisted beneath her desk, her eyes glued to the computer monitor, one foot tapping in rhythm against the minifridge jammed beside the gaming tower.

“You woke up and set this game to download at 7:00am. We had class together, from 8:00 to 11:00, you ate lunch- shocked you didn’t choke on it, by the way- and you have not stopped playing this video game since.”

“It’s good.” Anna said, offering no further retort.

“The sun is setting! You promised you’d go out with me and Mary tonight! Why does it even matter if you beat the Red Tree or whatever?”

“The Dead Three!” Anna spluttered indignantly.

“Whatever you say.” Britney rolled her eyes, and glanced down at her phone. “Mary wants my help in the bathroom. I swear to God, if she’s stuck in those painted-on jeans again…”

Anna was no longer paying attention, lost again in another world- the adventurous world of the recently released third part of an extremely famous fantasy role-playing game trilogy. She had burned through every possible iota of content in Act 1 during the yearlong beta period, and so as soon as the full game had released she had rushed through character creation and the first part of the story, desperate to be one of the first to reach the new segments before anyone could possibly spoil them- desperate now in other ways as well.

She had felt the first twinge in her bladder when she had arrived in the Mountain Pass, doing battle with undead and githyanki raiders alike to reach the creche and the possibility of a cure. She had definitely noticed an urge when she had crossed the murky waters of the Undersea to reach the Grimforge, and was perhaps shifting slightly in her chair as Elminster explained Gale’s unfortunate condition and its potentially fatal consequences.

The various sugary drinks consumed throughout the day were taking a toll when she battled the Toll Collector, and by the time she reached Moonrise Tower she was considering a break. But how could she leave Minthara to suffer alone in the dungeons of the Absolute? How could she ignore the mystery of the necromancer, Balthazar, and Shadowheart’s appointment with destiny at the Temple of Shar? She had pressed on fiercely, speedily seducing the Surgeon’s subordinates to slash him to shreds, tricking the tawdry Tavern-Keeper to tumble down tankard after tankard till the time he couldn’t take it. Anna laughed a while at his fate- she wouldn’t burst after just two beers.

The Gauntlet of Shar had been a real challenge- she had thought she might lose her mind and what remained of her control after reloading twice to beat the wandering demon, and her bladder and heart had pounded in time as she navigated the Leap of Faith. But here she was now, at the Verge of Shadows- on the verge of flooding the floor- but thiiiis close to answers.

On the screen, Shadowheart stood proudly in her ancient Dark Justiciar armor; a marked contrast to Anna’s hunched form, one hand on her mouse and occasionally tapping at the keyboard while the other gripped her crotch for dear life, all shame or self-awareness abandoned. Her black t-shirt hung loose, one shoulder bare- her athletic short shorts had ridden up, if possible, even further, the fringes of her lacy pink panties just visible.

As the party leapt ever-downwards in the lower gravity of the Shadowfell, Anna felt a single spurt just dampen the crotch of those panties, not even enough to make it through her shorts to her pressing fingers. She bent over further, her head nearly touching the desk, her face a mask of grim determination. She could make it. She would make it. Just a couple minutes longer. Anyone could hold it for ten seconds, right? She just had to hold it for ten seconds, ten times. Maybe fifteen.

As her character reached the bottom of the floating cliffs, Anna leaked again for a few seconds, this time wetting her crotch and even getting a little past her hand onto the chair. Dame Aylin, the half-angel, knelt chained before her. Anna watched as Shadowheart drew forth the Spear of Night, watched as she finally pleased her goddess and claimed her destiny. As the last lights at Last Light winked out, she oh so carefully gathered herself to a semi-standing position, both hands now buried in her soaked shorts, little rivulets of pee just starting to make their appearance along her pale upper thighs. She took the twenty or so paces to the suite bathroom in little mincing steps, her bladder cramping and pulsing at every footfall. She reached for the handle- twisted- nothing.

“BRITNEY PLEASEPLEASEPLEASE CAN I COME IN I HAVE TO PEE NOW PLEASE!” Anna yelled in one long breath.

“Hold on a second!” she heard Britney’s voice.

“I can’t-“

It was too late. Spurts had turned to leaks, and leaks now turned to an unstoppable stream that splattered through her panties and shorts, through both her hands, down her legs, onto the floor- Anna moaned, involuntarily, as she gave in and let the floodgates open. She peed, and peed, and peed, and she thought she would never stop peeing, and she barely even noticed the click of the lock and the opening of the door.

“Anna…” Britney said gently, as Mary looked on in nothing but a long t-shirt and her panties, a pair of tight skinny jeans with the tiniest dark spot at the crotch bundled in the corner.

In the present day, but also in another world, don't think about the transition too hard...

If it weren’t for the magical timer on the spell keeping her pulsing piss at bay, Kendra could have sworn she’d been walking down the dark hallways for days. The tunnel seemed to plunge downwards forever, ever darker, ever deeper, and she began to wonder if she would die of starvation or loneliness before she could be killed by any curse. The tunnel curved ahead, and finally, she saw something different. A red glow, a blast of heat, and- a silhouette? She instinctively flattened herself against the tunnel wall, trusting her cloak to blend with the shadows. The shadow grew, and a humanoid figure came barreling around the bend, all white fabric and red hair billowing in the fiery wind. It was-

“Sophie!” Kendra yelled.

“Augh!” Sophie yelled, and ran flat into her.

Kendra fell to the ground, hard, and swore viciously as the shock pounded her bladder. The spell kept her from leaking or peeing, but it didn’t make that not fucking hurt. She looked up at the five feet and ten inches or so of sweating redhead above her.

“Sophie,” she ventured, “did you know you’re on fire?”

After frantically patting out the flames, which were luckily confined to a few spots on Sophie’s billowy sleeves, the women began to compare notes. Kendra gave her a rundown of what had happened, including going to the bathroom in Stella’s house, vanishing and reappearing, the strange guardian’s warning, and her temporary, awkward solution to retaining her ‘holy water’. “Were you peeing too,” Kendra asked, “or did you just vanish? Do you also, ah… need to go? We could figure something out to help you too.”

“I’ll be fine,” Sophie said, blushing furiously. “I was, um, also peeing.”

“Didn’t you figure something was wrong when I wasn’t in the bathroom?” Kendra demanded. “Did you tell anyone I was gone?”

“I, ah, wasn’t in the bathroom…” Sophie said, not meeting Kendra’s eyes.

“Gross.” Kendra said. “Seriously?”

“We have bigger problems!” Sophie said, still flushed.

“That we do,” Kendra sighed. “What happened in the game after I left?”

“We set the garden on fire- well, Anna did, and we had just barely escaped. But if you’re in the entrance tunnel like you said, we’re on the wrong side of the fire to reach the inner sanctum. The rest of the group is probably way ahead of us- if they’re inside whatever this is, if they’re still alive.”

“Okay, great,” Kendra said. “So to basically sum it up, I have to pee worse than I have ever had to pee in my life, I can’t or I die, and we are trapped on the wrong side of a raging inferno, in a temple to a dead god, from the only chance of peeing and of not dying.”

“Yeah…” Sophie replied quietly.

Kendra kicked angrily at a pebble on the ground, regretted it instantly as her bladder contracted at the movement. “We’re dead!” she yelled.

“Only… mostly dead,” Sophie said.

“What?” Kendra said.

Sophie looked up. “Only mostly dead? Like in the Princess Bri-“

“I get the reference!” Kendra snapped. “What do you mean?”

“I can’t help with you having to pee,” Sophie said, “and I don’t know what’s inside the rest of the temple. But I think I can get us across this fire.”

“How?”

“You’re not going to like it.”

“How?”

“We might die.”

“How?”

Sophie took a deep breath, and exhaled, slowly. “We’ll have to use a wall of wind. Follow me,” she said, her eyes flashing.

Sophie strode towards the end of the tunnel, till the heat was almost unbearable, then extended her arms and spoke the words. A massive blast of wind issued from her outstretched fingertips, pushing away the smoke, flames, and superheated air, bending and curving around her at her command. “Come on!” she yelled, and Kendra scampered behind her. The wall sealed behind them, and Sophie began to walk forward, Kendra holding her coattails and pressing herself to Sophie’s back as the gale roared around them.

The fire had almost exhausted itself in some areas, but at the massive infusion of oxygen from Sophie’s spell it roared back into life, till they could barely see the walls of the garden or the sunlight above, and just beyond the orb of wind seemed to be only endless flames. The two women pressed forward through the searing heat, Sophie guided only by instinct and a vaguely remembered sense of direction from before. Finally, a gap opened for a moment in the smoke and fire, and she caught a glimpse of a tunnel ahead, carved in a different style than the copper gate, with a motif of a woman at its keystone and engraved rivers of water flowing down the arch. Silver doors stood open to each side.

“Run!” Sophie yelled. “Forward, run!” The two women sprinted with everything they had- how long had they spent crossing? Forty-five seconds, a minute? The winds began to falter, and the heat immediately surged. “RUN!”

Kendra needed no further encouragement, sprinting past Sophie and into the wall of wind and fire ahead, the air burning her throat, the flames singing her armor. She dove into the tunnel entrance just before Sophie reached it, and together they slammed the doors shut, both gulping for breath in the cool, stale air of the depths.

“Great idea,” Kendra panted, “let’s just never do it again.”

Sophie didn’t reply, her face suddenly frozen and tears in her eyes. “My eagle… my eagle, he was out there somewhere, oh God, he’s dead, oh God…”

Kendra stood up, grabbed the other woman by the shoulders, and roughly pulled her to her feet, cursing as her bladder reasserted its presence when she did so. “Fuck the imaginary bird, Sophie! Those memories aren’t real! None of this is real, except the fact we are really going to die if we don’t get out, okay? Let’s go!” The silver of the doors was beginning to acquire a dull red at the edges. As they ran down the dark corridor, there was no more sound, just their footsteps and the soft crackle of the firestorm behind.
