Summer Reunion

Author: Noot

*000*2020-06-21 00:56

Hi! This is my first post on the forums and first genuine attempt at writing fiction, so I hope you like it! I wanted to write a mystery-style story with an Omo twist. This first part is mainly setup and almost no Omo, while future parts will be far more Omo-heavy, so feel free to skip this part if that's not your thing. Please enjoy, any feedback is sincerely appreciated.

###

When Tessa Rhodes pulled her phone from her pocket to check her messages at 15:46 on a Wednesday in July, she really had no idea what she was getting herself into. After all, she glanced at that screen a few dozen times a day, and nothing bad ever came of it. There was no point, she believed, in assuming the worst when the worst rarely came. But this Wednesday in July was different. If she’d had any reason to suspect what that text would lead to, she might have left it unread.

Or she might have made her choices all the same. There’s no way of knowing for sure, and so all we can say with certainty is that as Tessa clicked her power button to see what had happened in the twenty-four minutes since her last check, she didn’t expect to see what she saw. But life is short, and Tessa was bored- so as her stony-faced boss left the office doorway and vanished from sight, her hand snuck inside of her jacket and retrieved the blue-cased box that kept her connected to the person she used to be. There were three notifications.

The first was a Snapchat from an old friend. Probably another meme that she’d already seen but would still kind of laugh at.

The second read “@catholicboy250316 liked your tweet”. Nothing new there.

The third, accompanied by that familiar green and white icon, caught her eye. She opened it instantly.

Hey Tessa

This is Jamie, from camp last summer. I hope this is still your number. If not, I guess you aren’t reading this message, so it doesn’t matter.

I can’t believe it’s nearly been a whole year. Almost time for that reunion we talked about (bet you didn’t think I’d actually remember haha). I’m messaging everyone. Gonna try and get the old gang back together. I miss you guys, hope I’m not the only one lol.

Anyway, call me when you get this, if you haven’t changed your number.

Jamie x

Tessa hadn’t spoken to Jamie in eleven months, but she remembered him well. He’d been part of her group on a Summer job in France the previous year, six of them in total, all from different parts of the world, all complete strangers. They’d worked together through the days and hung out together in the evenings. Jamie was right- they’d promised to meet up again for a reunion one year after going their separate ways, but Tessa had assumed it was just a fantasy after months of no contact between the group. Now, here was something new, something unexpected, a real chance at seeing her friends again. And he was right about another thing, too: she did miss them. She missed them almost every day.

Tessa read the text twice before beginning to type a reply. Her fingers did most of the work, as if there was only ever going to be one answer.

Jamie,

I’m in. Let’s get a group chat going. Excited to talk to everyone again!

Tessa xxx

Quietly, as if scared of being spotted on her phone despite being alone in her own office, Tessa dropped it back into her pocket and gazed (as she often did) out of the tenth-storey window. The view over southern Southampton was marred by grey clouds and the lightest of smatterings of rain against the cool glass, exactly the way Tessa preferred it. In this weather, she could just make out her own reflection in the window. Black hair, short and curled, hung just below her ears. At school in the early years of the century she had been teased about her hair. She’d been teased plenty at school, as the only black girl in the class. Not many people were bold enough to tease her anymore.

That didn’t mean it was all easy- easy was a long way from the right word to use. But racism was a battle that Tessa was used to fighting, and one she very well intended to win.

A twinge in Tessa’s bladder broke her train of thought. She’d always been able to carry more than most, which came in handy during her busier working days. Today, though, it wasn’t exactly surprising that she was filling up; she hadn’t been since just before leaving for work, nearly eight hours ago. But the nearest bathrooms were two floors down, and the lift was broken. Tessa had always been the kind of person who preferred to pee when it was convenient to her, not when her body demanded. She knew she could wait until she got home, even if it wasn’t likely to be particularly comfortable. But if she was going to hold it, a distraction would be welcome.

Reluctantly, she turned her attention to her computer screen. After all, there was an hour left in the working day, and Tessa wasn’t the type to slack off. She hadn’t gotten where she was, to her own office and a high-up position at the age of twenty-four, by slacking off. There was always more to do. And yet she couldn’t resist checking her phone one more time for a reply from Jamie.

Click. Nothing yet. Just her lock screen and the numbers 15:57 in big white text. Click. Back in her pocket.

Somehow Tessa Rhodes knew she’d be checking again very soon. Even then, though, she never once imagined what the next few weeks had in store for her.

*001*2020-06-26 00:21

Here comes part 2! This one is a lot more Omo-heavy as promised. Thank you to the moderators for approving the first part! 🙂

###

Zoe Johnson needed to pee. There was no point in denying it any longer- she had to go, and soon.

She'd never been great at stretching her bladder, and today was no different. While the professor at the front of the room droned on and on, Zoe was filling up at a rather alarming rate. Her bladder, probably one of the smallest she'd ever encountered, couldn't take much more. Two-hour classes were a nightmare even at the best of times, but this morning they were nothing short of horrific. Just a few hours ago she'd been topping up with a drink from the bar at a packed nightclub... how did she get to this? 10:30 AM, hungover and filled with wee, in the middle of a busy lecture hall, begging for the class to finish so she could relieve herself into one of the toilets she knew were just an elevator ride away. If the professor didn't finish up soon, she could see herself relieving her bladder during the elevator ride.

Zoe looked around at the other students, none of whom she could put names to. Nobody was looking her way, and luckily she'd had the good sense to sit at the back of the lecture hall. Not one of the five hundred students in the room would have even glanced her way as she battled to control her bladder. With the stealth of a cat, Zoe slipped a hand between her thighs in an attempt to keep herself dry. Fortunately, a powerful air-conditioning system kept her cool even as the Australian sun pounded down onto the roof. Her fingers gripped her crotch and squeezed tightly once she was confident nobody could see. The firm grip helped, but not by a lot, and Zoe still quivered softly from the need to empty herself.

As she often did, the Melbourne-born girl turned to her phone to provide a distraction from her desperation. She slipped it out of the pocket of her blue jeans... and found nothing, no messages, no notifications. Damn. She would need to distract herself today. Somewhere in the room, a young man chuckled quietly at a joke a friend had told him, as two women whispered to Zoe's right about God-knows-what. Zoe turned her thoughts to the first thing that had come into her head: the last time she had had to use the bathroom so badly. Not helpful, she thought- but the damage was already done. Her head was suddenly flooded with memories of her first day at university, when she'd forgotten to go in the morning before she arrived and consequently found herself squirming to keep the pee in throughout the day. Is today worse than that? she wondered, crossing her slim legs tightly together. It was definitely close.

Finally, wonderfully, the professor started to wrap up her lecture. Zoe breathed a sigh of relief; she'd been expecting another ten minutes of torture. By the time the first students got to their feet, Zoe was already halfway toward the door at the back of the room, still stuffing her unopened books into her half-opened bag. She couldn't help jiggling as she walked, unable to stay composed with several pints sloshing around in her bladder. As the elevator doors opened, giving her a good view of slightly messy hair and sleepy green eyes in the mirror at the back of the lift, she thought vaguely that she remembered absolutely none of the two hours she'd just sat through. No point worrying about that now, she thought, I'll be much worse than distracted if this thing doesn't hurry up.

This elevator ride took twelve seconds. Zoe knew because she counted them all. She hadn't had a worse twelve seconds since her friend Michelle had suggested Sambuca shots at her 21st birthday party.

The bathroom door on the ground floor was just opposite the elevator. Blissfully, Zoe's favourite stall (the furthest from the door) was unoccupied and she hurried in, bag still barely zipped up. Her jeans were around her ankles almost as soon as the stall door was locked and her bum hit the seat just in time. Zoe had to catch herself to stop herself from letting out an audible sigh of relief as several hours' worth of pee started to loudly stream out of her body and into the water below. Zoe was very much used to these situations. Her bladder being small as it was, desperation wasn't an unusual state to be in. There had been countless close calls, several moments of doubt and a couple of serious leaks, but she always made it in time.

Finally able to relax, habit took over. As it always did when she was on the loo, her phone came out of her pocket and lit up automatically. It took Zoe a few seconds to realise what she was reading- a message from an old friend she'd thought she might never hear from again.

Zoe,

It's Jamie! Hope this is still your number x

Remember when we said we'd meet up again a year after camp? Well... it's been nearly a year, right? We can use my parents' summer home (they already said they don't mind as long as we don't burn it down lol)

Let me know if you're up for it! Hope everyone can come

Jamie x

Zoe was still peeing as she finished reading the message, her stream finally starting to weaken as the last of her gently aching bladder emptied. She'd completely forgotten about her toilet emergency, though. The text had taken her hangover completely out of her mind. She felt like a fool when the realisation hit that she was grinning.

As her wee flow turned into a dribble, Zoe Johnson started typing a reply.

*002*2020-06-26 01:23

Kevin Myung hated his alarm. He couldn't stand the chirpy tones that woke him at 8AM each and every morning. They were the musical equivalent of impaling one's foot on an upturned plug, never welcome, always painful. Of course, Kevin knew he could change his alarm. The trouble was that he'd already done so half a dozen times and each time he'd picked a sound he loved and found himself despising it within a fortnight. They were all unbearably cheerful; there was no room for optimism in his waking-up experience.

Through tired eyes, Kevin reached over for his phone and silenced the racket. He typed in his four-digit password (2-5-8-0), went to his clock app and began a fairly common process for him- setting another alarm for ten minutes in the future. After all, if he hurried up in the shower, rushed breakfast and left for work on time, surely there was nothing wrong with another ten minutes of sleep? But as his brain started adjusting to the unwelcome complication of being awake, realisation dawned on him. A ginger test with his free hand confirmed what Kevin already knew, and he swore under his breath. No extra ten minutes for him today.

But how? He'd been careful. He'd used the bathroom right before bed, double checked, been sure he was empty. Now his reward was a soaked sheet for the fourth time in three weeks. It wasn't fair. The first time he'd uneasily excused it with the alcohol he'd had the night before, but even then he'd known that two beers didn't make an adult man wet the bed by themselves. The second time he'd been rushing for a work meeting and had had no choice but to put the accident to the back of his mind. The third time he'd told himself it was some sort of phase, some kind of late pubescent aftershock that would pass over him in time. Now, there was absolutely no denying it. After staying dry for eight years, Kevin had wet the bed four times in less than a month. There was no alternative to accepting that he needed to face this problem.

But not right now. Right now he needed to clean his bed. A wave of hot shame washed over him as he briefly considered that a plastic mattress protector might be a smart investment. Surely he didn't need one of those?

It's only for now, he told himself. Only until I get this fixed- whatever it is. As Kevin climbed out of his three-quarter-sized bed and stood up, he could feel the cold wetness of his boxer shorts clinging to his skin. His bedroom was small enough that he could flick on the light by the door without leaving his bedside. The damage wasn't as bad as previous accidents; he'd made a habit of going to the bathroom late every night in the hope that it would solve his problem. As a result the indigo patch in the centre of his otherwise sky-blue sheet was only just long enough to reach halfway down where his thighs had been, just slightly wider than his hips. But it was still a wet patch. He'd still lost control of his bladder in the night for reasons he couldn't begin to understand.

With a workmanlike efficiency achievable only by someone who'd already done this three times recently, Kevin stripped his sheets and boxers. Naked, he walked to the washing machine across the hall, bundled in the armful of half-soaked fabric and set it washing. He'd need to deal with the mattress soon, but first he needed a shower.

As was so often the case, stepping into a hot morning shower did two things almost immediately. First, it helped Kevin relax after the stress of the first five minutes of his day. The feeling of warm water washing over his shoulders, trickling down his back and pooling around his feet helped immensely. It left Kevin feeling clean again, something he strived for in nearly every moment of his life. Nothing made Kevin feel more anxious than being dirty, sticky, smelly. He leant back, letting the shower water soak a headful of short, dark hair. His frustration with himself, and with his body, seemed much more manageable now he was washing up. Feeling lighter, Kevin resolved to book a doctor's appointment as soon as possible to try and get to the bottom of his bedwetting.

The second thing the shower did was make Kevin's bladder twinge. No matter how recently he'd been, it always felt like the sensation of the water activated some kind of signal in his brain that told his body hey, it's time to go number one now. Growing up, Kevin had absolutely despised relieving himself in the shower. His parents had absolutely forbidden it- they'd forbidden going anywhere except his own toilet at home. That attitude may have helped him discipline his body in the daytime, but it had only made his bedwetting more shameful until it slowly went away as he became a teenager. One of the many advantages of moving into to his own apartment in Boston was that he finally felt in control of his own bathroom habits. Now, he could empty himself in the shower whenever he felt the urge, like right now. Without a second thought, Kevin let go of his bladder and urinated briefly, watching the yellow river hit the porcelain floor and rush towards the drain.

Feeling far better, Kevin stepped out of the shower and into the blue towel that hung on the back of his bathroom door. He headed for his bedroom, sat on the edge of his stripped bed and picked up his phone, intending to ring the doctor as early as possible. From past experience, Kevin knew that his local doctor could often fit in a same-day appointment if you booked early in the morning. Yet as he picked up his phone to call, he saw a preview of a text message that must have come while he was in the shower. It was a message that he'd assumed he would never receive. He could only see the first two lines, but they told him everything.

Hey Kevin,

It's Jamie

Somewhere between those four words, Kevin forgot all about the doctor.

*003*2020-06-26 22:33

Here's parts four and five! I've been writing these quicker than expected (I'm loving writing them!) and hope you enjoy them too. These are the final character introduction chapters before we get all of our characters together for the main story- the first is just setup and no omorashi so feel free to skip it again if that's not your thing. The second, though, is completely pee-based! Please enjoy and as always any feedback is appreciated!

###

Hi Ayo,

This is Jamie W from camp last year! Hope you're doing well man.

I'm messaging everyone from the old group about maybe meeting up for a few days this summer. Are you in?

I know you're busy so I hope you can make it. Also I hope this is the right number haha. If you're not Ayo you can ignore this text, sorry.

Anyway, get back to me when you can.

Jamie

Ayobami Shehu, who everyone but his mother called Ayo, read through the text again. He must have read it a dozen times since it had arrived that morning, but each re-read still made him smile. By now it was memorised in his brain, of course, and he didn't need to read it at all all; his reply had been swift and simple.

I'm in. Let's do it! Just need to ask my parents tonight.

But reading it was still nice. Jamie had contacted him- the same Jamie he'd spent most of the previous summer with, as well as the four others who'd become some of his closest friends. So Ayo kept feeling tempted to sneak a look at it again, every time he had a spare moment through the day. Spare moments were rare in his life, and he didn't usually get much time for close friends.

As it often did in July, Benin City had reached absolutely sweltering temperatures earlier that afternoon. Ayo was more or less used to the heat after living there for over two decades, so it didn't bother him too much, but he still found it less than pleasant on some of the hottest days of the year. During his time in France, Zoe had often teased some of the others about their lack of acclimatisation to the balmy Parisian summers. While Jamie, Tessa and Kevin had sweated mercilessly through the tougher outdoor days, she'd just brushed it all off with a laugh and told them that Christmas Day in Melbourne made their ordeal look like a walk-in freezer. Over time, as Ayo grew more confident and began to shed his shyness, he would occasionally join in with the teasing- after all, the Nigerian weather had more than prepared him for the comparatively bearable climate in Europe.

But the sun was now starting to retreat towards the horizon, and a whole day had almost come and gone since he'd received that message from his old friend. Walking home from the University library, the young man passed the same landmarks as he did every day. There was the stone statue of the woman sitting by the side of the road, the yellow house with the red roof that served as the University Media Centre, the small pylon that helped power the neighbourhood. His hometown was as familiar to him as any close relative, and he'd never yet felt any desire to leave. After walking beneath the gradually setting sun for twenty minutes, not needing to concentrate on where he was going, Ayo found himself at the door to the house his family had shared for his entire life.

It was unlocked. Ayo's door was always unlocked. There was always at least one person home, so locking the door rarely made much sense. He pushed gently and stepped inside, and was immediately rewarded with a hug around the waist from his youngest sister, Anwi. Her full name, Anwilichukwu, meant 'God's joy'. Ayo often thought to himself that a name had never fit a child so well. She was only six, wore a permanent smile, and was just about the most wonderful thing in the world to Ayo. From the other side of the room, his brother Ade greeted him in a decidedly more restrained manner. Ayo didn't mind; he was in a rush to ask his mother the question he'd had in his head all day.

"Mama, what would you say if I said I wanted to go back to France for a few days?".

His mother was a kind-eyed woman who looked far younger than her forty-five years. She had raised four children and liked to remind them that she'd done it very well. Although Ayo's father was a good man, he also worked far too hard for his own good- something his wife also liked to remind them. Not that she was one to talk; for most of Ayo's life he'd had to take his share of the responsibility of raising his younger siblings because his parents both worked such long hours. He was proud of them, and didn't let himself resent their occasional absenteeism, for they'd kept his brother and sisters happy and healthy their whole lives. Now, though, she looked at him with a touch of sadness.

"I'd say we can't afford the flights right now, my dear". Ayo's heart sank- he'd been afraid of such an answer all day, but had tried to keep it at the back of his mind in the hope that things wouldn't be so difficult. He felt defeated, but forced himself not to get upset. After all, his parents did so much for him... it wasn't fair to demand this as well.

"Why do you ask?" his mother prompted.

"It's not important, mama. Jamie wants to get us all together again, to have a reunion. But it's no big deal..." Ayo trailed off as a lump formed in his throat, but his mother's demeanour changed enormously at the mention of Jamie's name. Ayo's parents had never met Jamie, but their son had talked about his friends from Paris incessantly for almost a year. They only knew Jamie as the person that had turned their firstborn from a shy and reserved boy to a confident student. His mother began to speak, but slowly, hesitantly.

"Well... I'll think about it", she said. In that moment Ayo could have kissed her. He'd gone from despair to joy in an instant, because he knew that tone of his mother's voice so well, and I'll think about it always meant yes where her children were concerned.

"Think about what?" came a small voice from behind him. Anwi had heard the end of the conversation, and was looking at her brother curiously as her hands fiddled with each other in front of her. He turned and smiled at the girl, suddenly feeling on top of the world.

"Nothing, Anwi. Just some grown-up stuff".

And, leaving it at that, he went to his room to tell Jamie the news.

###

Mark was not a fan of birthdays.

He remembered a time in his childhood when they'd been second only to Christmas in the list of Best Days Ever. Those times had been simpler, even if they hadn't always been happier. The older he'd gotten, the more joy had seeped out of that day each year when he found himself one year older, wondering where all that time had gone. He'd changed in more ways than he could count since those years- things like his name, his gender identity, his appearance, they were only parts of it.

Just as he tended to on every birthday since he left school, Mark reflected that the years had changed him on a far deeper level too, and most of those changes had made him stronger and far more comfortable in his own skin. But he also knew that plenty of things about himself hadn't changed at all- some of them good, some of them not so much. He still felt the same love for art and animation that he'd had as a child, still thought he looked great in purple, still watched a movie with his family every Saturday night without fail and always bickered with his sister about who would get to pick the film.

On this particular birthday Mark Daniels woke up absolutely busting to piss. That was another thing that had never changed: on more days than not, he would need to head to the nearest toilet within the first few minutes after opening his eyes. It was probably down to the four litres of water he meticulously drunk each day in a half-hearted attempt to combat acne. No matter the reason, he usually woke up full and today was no different.

The trouble on this particular morning was that Mark had slept with the electric fan on full blast to help ease the uncomfortable heat of his Manchester bedroom during the August night. Now, in the 9AM light, the consequence of that decision reared it's ugly head and he was met with an icy cool room. Still mostly asleep, dressed in only the thinnest pair of boxer shorts he owned, Mark found the comfortable warmth of his bed far more appealing than the chill of the walk from his room to the nearest toilet down the corridor. While it was certainly true that Mark was used to waking up desperate to take a leak, he was also used to putting off getting out of bed for as long as possible. Until the comfort of his mattress no longer outweighed the discomfort pulsating from his bladder, he liked to stay wrapped up in the white sheets where nobody would bother him.

To keep his mind off his predicament, Mark grabbed his laptop from the side of the bed where it lived. He propped himself up in his favourite position: his back against the headboard at the top of the bed, knees up in front of him, legs forming an upside-down 'V' shape so the computer could rest on his lap. The young man logged on and started browsing through his go-to websites that had kept him proudly procrastinating since the early 2010's. YouTube, Facebook, Twitter and Reddit were all on Mark's checklist when he had a free morning to waste, as he did today. However, the fullness of his bladder wouldn't allow itself to be ignored, and it wasn't long before he was forced to start shifting awkwardly in his seat to placate his growing urgency.

On some mornings like these he would masturbate to help take his mind off the need to go, but today he felt content to surf the internet and be happy within the cosy haven of his bed. By 9:30, though, his hand's presence was requested by his crotch for a very different reason. Mark's need to piss had evolved far beyond the point at which he would normally give up and head to the toilet, and yet this morning he was especially engrossed in a long video essay about animation that still had twenty minutes to run. Being (as he was) a creature of habit, and believing (as he did) that pausing a video halfway through was a sin reserved only for when it was absolutely vital, Mark resolved to soldier on with the video and restrain his bladder until it was done. He didn't often get so desperate that he needed to physically grab himself to keep it all in, but it did a little to ease the pressure. Hey, it's my birthday, he mused, I might as well indulge myself a little.

His attention was drawn away from the video by a message from his grandmother. She hadn't seen him since she'd moved away from the city six years ago, but still kept in touch for special occasions. Good morning Jane, it read, I hope you are well and are enjoying your birthday presents!... The message continued in this vein for a while, and left Mark feeling the same mixture of frustration and appreciation that he always did. The elderly woman was the only person in his life who still called him Jane, but at least she went to the effort of wishing him a happy birthday each year. He loved his grandmother, of course he did, even though she had always been one of the voices who believed that the slow rebirth of Mark had been simply a phase. She just didn't get it. But there was no use getting down about it when it was the same every birthday, so he switched back to the video in peace.

Another wave of desperation hit, more intense than anything he'd felt all morning. Mark knew he could count on one hand the number of times in his whole life he'd needed the toilet this badly, but he was determined to see out the video before getting up. Twenty-three-year-old's didn't piss themselves, and he had certainly not done so since he was a child. Despite his valour, though, the facade of control didn't last long. As the essay was beginning to wrap up, and his mind recognised the usual staples of an outro, it happened. At the exact moment the narrator started saying "please be sure to leave a like on the video", a hot jet squirted out of Mark's urethra and rapidly stained the front of his boxers. For a moment he was in shock. But there was no mistaking the sensation. For the first time in his adult life, Mark Daniels had just pissed himself.

Okay, don't panic, he told himself, it's only a leak. Only a tiny leak. You waited too long but it's okay, you can make it.

Mark scrambled out of bed, still gripping his crotch doggedly, the laptop forgotten among his thrown-back duvet. He swung open his bedroom door and waddled down the hallway to the bathroom, discarding his slightly soggy boxer shorts just outside. The split second in which he'd needed to take his hand away from his crotch to remove the underwear was brutal and Mark knew he had seconds before he lost control. In blind panic, he entered the bathroom, turned, locked the door behind him and started heading to the shiny white toilet. That's when he saw the child-lock.

In his desperation, Mark had completely forgotten about the childproof red lock that kept the toilet seat closed to prevent his young nieces from doing anything silly when they stayed over. It had only been installed a few weeks ago, and usually he wouldn't miss a beat in opening it. But Mark was at his limit, only had one hand available and knew he was seconds away from flooding the floor. That's when it hit him- the bath!

He only just made it in time. The first big jet of pee erupted out of Mark the instant he got one foot in the bath, spraying uncontrollably through the cracks between his fingers and barely landing the safe side of the porcelain edge. Mark was overcome with sheer relief of an orgasmic scale. The enormous morning's piss practically flooded out of him, spattering indiscreetly against the white surface. As soon as he had emptied himself enough to come to his senses, Mark reached over and turned on the wall-mounted shower to cover the sound of him pissing himself in the bath. He must have gone continuously for a solid minute before the flow began to die down. Amazed that he'd avoided his first ever proper accident, he finished his shower happily and returned to his bedroom with a towel around his waist.

Out of sheer habit, he checked his phone for any messages from Jamie. This was something he'd done a lot over the past three weeks, and the two had been in regular correspondence ahead of their little group reunion in France that weekend. Mark had double-checked and triple-checked his passport, his train tickets, his wallet and everything else so many times over the previous twenty days that he was going a little stir-crazy. To his delight, there was indeed a message from his friend.

Happy birthday dude! All ready for the journey tomorrow?

Mark couldn't help smiling as he typed his reply.

You bet I am. See you soon!

Mark jolted suddenly as his bedroom door flew open. His sister, who had nearly given him a heart attack, filled the frame, her eyes furious. In her hand, being held at the very corner as if they were red hot, were Mark's soiled boxer shorts. Even at first glance, he could see the dark stain clearly.

"Okay, dumbass", she growled, "you have a lot of explaining to do".
