Mana's Revenge

Author: Notme246

*000*2018-10-24 06:11

Hey everyone! I'm back! I know it's been awhile. I guess I sorta needed a break due to the whole stuttering incident.

Anyways, I'm doing more with da Lesbians~ Villy and Mana, I think these two may be my Otp! X3

Anyways, hope you enjoy! By the way this is about 2 years after Villy and Mana got together!

###

"VILLY!". Mana shouted as she banged on the bathroom door, clutching her peehole and shaking like mad. "HURRY UP IN THERE!".

"Sorta busy right now". Villy said from inside.

Mana paced back and forth, squeezing her legs and doing a small pee dance trying to hold it in.

"You've been in there for 20 minutes! Hurry up!!!". Mana whined as she clutched herself tightly.

"Sorry sweetie but I'm gonna be in here for a bit..". Villy said.

Mana kept squeezing her throbbing peehole, her bladder threatening to burst. She could feel the liquid trapped inside her, trying desperately to make it's way out.

"If I pee myself your cleaning it up!" Mana said as she hopped from foot to foot.

Eventually, Villy flushed and walked out the bathroom, Mana ran in and slammed the door. A few seconds later, Villy could hear the sounds of relief from in the bathroom. After a good minute and a half, she came out.

"Jeez, what did you drink today?". Villy asked.

"It's not my fault it's hot today!". Mana said making a grumpy face.

"And It's not my fault you have the bladder of a pachurisu". Villy said teasingly poking Mana's cheeks.

"N-no I don't!" Mana argued, embarrassed. Villy just giggled.

"You're adorable when your all grumpy and embarrassed". Villy said kissing Mana on her nose, making Mana's cheeks have a slight tint of pink added to them.

Mana was still grumpy, but then she had a devilish idea, an idea for perfect revenge!

A few hours later.

Villy was sprawled on the couch looking through Pinsirgram on phone, while also drinking a cup of coffee.

"Boring...boring...boring...". She said looking through her feed. She went to take another sip of coffee then saw that her mug was empty. "Ugh...I'm too lazy to make another but I'm still thirsty...". She complained.

Mana was listening from in the kitchen. "Now to put my plan into action!". She said.

She walked into the room holding a glass and a pitcher of lemonade. She set it down on the table next to Villy and filled it up.

"Here ya go Vil!". Mana said smiling at her. Villy wasn't really confused, Mana was known to randomly bring her stuff when she knew Villy wanted it.

'Thank Mana". Villy said as she drank the lemonade. As soon as she finished it and set the glass down, Mana filled it up again.

"Oh uh.. Thanks, again..". Villy said as she drank the lemonade again. And once again, as soon as she place the empty cup back on the table, Mana filled it right back up.

Now Villy was suspicious. "Alright what'd you put in the lemonade?". She asked.

"Nothing!" Mana said. "I'm just trying to be nice". She put the most genuine (and adorable) smile that she could.

Villy couldn't deny that face, even if she wanted to. So she just shrugged and drank the lemonade again. The cycle when on for about a good minute before the pitcher was empty.

"Oh! I'll go get some more!". Mana said as she quickly went back into the kitchen.

Villy meanwhile wasn't really wanting anymore lemonade. All the lemonade she drank hand made her feel heavy, she could even see her belly poking out a little from it.

"Ugh..". She muttered. "I don't wanna hurt Mana's feelings but idk how much more I can drink...". She said, rubbing her belly.

Mana came back with another full pitcher of lemonade, she sat down filled up Villy glass again happily.

Villy was reluctant, but she gave in and drank the lemonade. They once again kept the cyle going, whenever Mana ran out, she'd just go and fill the pitcher up and come right back, they did this for about 15 minutes. Villy had drank at least 7 whole pitchers of lemonade.

Mana poured her another glass. Villy could barely grab it, she somehow managed to drink the glass, then she put the glass back on the table.

"I-I can't drink anymore lemonade Mana... One more glass and I might blow...". Villy said holding her now visibly large belly.

"Oh! Guess I went a little overboard..". Mana said rubbing the back of her head. "Well, guess I'll put the rest of this away!". She then went back into the kitchen.

Villy could feel all the lemonade sloshing in her now large belly, it felt a bit weird having so much in there. She felt a little sleepy, so she closed her eyes and let herself drift off.

Mana peeked in and saw Villy sleeping. She smirked. "Now all I gotta do is wait, then I can enage phase 2!".

Later...

Villy woke up and yawned. For a brief moment she couldn't remember when she fell asleep, then it came back to her and she looked down at her belly, which was poking out much less then before.

"Jeez, how long was I asleep?". Villy wondered. Then her belly made a loud rumble, and she felt a harsh chill in between her legs.

"Oh jeez, never drinking that mucy lemonade again!". Shw got up quickly and ran upstairs to the bathroom and tried to open it, but to her dread, it was locked.

"Occupied!". Mana said cheekily from inside.

"M-mana! I gotta use it!!". Villy said, clutching her peehole.

"Welp, guess you'll have to hold it!". Mana laughed from inside.

It suddenly hit Villy why Mana had given her so much lemonade. "Mana! This isn't funny!!! I gotta go bad!!". Villy squeezed her legs tightly, trying not to leak.

"Now you know how I felt!". Mana said, still laughing mischeviously.

Villy felt her peehole throbbing, each breath she took, she could feel the pent up liquid trying to force it's way out of her. It was actually starting to hurt her belly a little.

"Mana! Please let me in!". Villy said shaking desperately, crossing her legs and squeezing them as tight as she could.

Mana started feeling a little bad, so she unlocked the door and opened it. "Alright you can go in..". She said.

Villy tried to walk foward, but she felt a spurt escape and quickly tried to stop the flow. "...I can't make it...". Villy said as she feet to her knees. "I feel like I'm gonna explode!!". She tried to stand but she felt a larger spurt escape making her fall back down to her knees.

Mana frantically tried to think of something, then she got an idea and quickly ran to the closet and pulled out some towels. She went back to Villy and set the towels down in a neat pile next to her.

"Use those!" Mana said.

Villy slowly crawled on top of the towels, once she was on she tried to go, but nothint happened. She whined.

"I-I can't go!". Villy said, her voice strained from breathing so hard. Mana thought for moment, then figured she was bladder shy.

Mana walked and sat down next to Villy. "Just take a deep breath Villy". She said. Villy did as told and took a deep, yet shakey, breath.

Mana started rubbing her back, trying to soothe her. Villy was still taking deep breaths, Mana noticed a few tears in her eyes.

Mana then started rubbing Villy's belly gently, this made her much calmer.and more relaxed. She also managed to shake less.

"I...still can't go... It won't come out...". Villy stuttered, her voice still shaking.

Mana then leaned over and kissed her on her on her lips. Villy felt a wave of emotions go through her, as well as she felt all the liquid inside start to come out of her. The pent up ocean inside her started making it's way out through her peehole forcefully hitting the towels.

However, Villy didn't moan in relief, she was too busy enjoying the lip to lip embrace from Mana. The kiss felt magical, she wanted it to last forever.

Eventually, they're lips parted. They look at each other, both smiling. Then they both started laughing. For at least 5 minutes they just laughed and laughed

Eventually Villy looked at Mana and smirked. "What do ya say we, have a bit of girlfriend fun time?~". Villy said, winking at Mana.

Mana giggled. "Alright, but don't drink so much lemonade beforehand!". Mana teased.

"Oh you little- C'mere!". Villy playful tackled Mana. Both laughed as they lay on the ground in each other's embrace.

###

Hope you all enjoy! I haven't had this much motivation in awhile, so hopefully I can get another story out before it goes away! See you all later! ^^

