Bedtime

Author: nalekema

*000*2025-05-15 20:08

Content Warning: Even though they are MacGuffins and neither involved in the action nor witness to it, this story contains minors. If you still consider this against the rules, please let me know, I'll immediately remove it.

###

Jenny laid on her little daughter’s bed, quietly waiting for the child to calm down. It was way past 21:00 and Laura should have been sleeping since two hours. Her big brother was asleep for an hour in the bunk bed above, but Laura was running around in the pitch black room, talking, playing. Every now and then, she cuddled her mother. She would eventually fall asleep and the only reason why Jenny was still in with her was that she wanted to keep Laura from waking up her big brother.

Jenny was bored. She had forgotten to bring her headphones and playing on her phone would further wind up Laura. So she just laid there in the dark, let her mind wander and occasionally cuddled the toddler. „Maybe I should just go to sleep myself. There’s space enough for both of us“, she thought. She felt, however, that she needed a bathroom after lying awake for two hours. „What if I just peed in my jeans? I was going to clean the bed tomorrow anyways“. The thought was appealing. However, Jenny could not just flood her daughter’s bed. If she were in her own bed, she might have done it (and had done it before), but she did not want Laura to sleep in a wet bed.

The idea kept lingering in her mind. Jenny felt the pressure that wanted release. She imagined the feeling of letting go in her jeans, the feeling of her panties getting wet, of warm pee pooling in the tight fabric before soaking into her trousers. Pee would soon flow down the side of her bum before forming a puddle on the bedsheets, slowly soaking her jeans and her t-shirt.

Laura came back, cuddling against Jenny’s stomach. A little jolt went through her as Jenny noticed that her panties had gotten a little damp, but she was confident she hadn’t leaked.

As Laura rolled around, Jenny thought about her situation. The children’s father was away on a business trip, so he wouldn’t object to Jenny wetting herself. „I’ll just do it once this little monster is asleep.“ Jenny thought, tenderly stroking her little daughter’s back. Jenny bit her lip. She didn’t want to wait. The prospect of wetting herself had made her horny.

„Just a little spurt won’t hurt. The bed will stay dry.“ Carefully, Jenny relaxed a little. After a moment, Jenny felt a little stream escape and she enjoyed the naughty wet and warm feeling in her pussy. The flow lasted only a moment until Jenny clenched her muscles to stop it. She quietly put her hand to the crotch of her jeans to check whether it was already too much. The fabric still felt dry. Her spurt wasn’t more than a few drops. Just as Jenny wanted to release a second spurt, Laura turned around and snuggled up to her. This time, it seemed that she was finally ready to sleep. Jenny took Laura in her arms and held her close to herself.

The feeling was really weird. Feeling her damp panties cool made her want to pee herself even more, but the child in her arms was kind of a turn-off. What to do now. Laura breathed steadily. „She might be asleep, but I’ll wait for a few minutes.“

Not a minute later, Jenny’s patience was at its limit. Very, very carefully, she relaxed a tiny little bit. At first, there was nothing, but after a few moments, she felt the pee rising. Jenny clenched her muscles just at the moment when she felt the pee reach her panties. A little too early. Nothing got out.

Jenny relaxed again. She felt the tension in her muscles relax. Again, she felt pee starting to move.

A sudden move from Laura startled her this time and again, she clenched her muscles too early.

Very very carefully, Jenny relaxed again. She wanted to go for a tiny trickle, just releasing another few drops. Her muscles relaxed. Nothing disturbed her this time. A tiny little stream formed and Jenny felt like heaven. She felt hot pee slowly filling her pussy, soaking into her panties, making them nice and wet. She felt the pee flow tickling through her urethra. She still kept her sphincters mostly shut, she only wanted a little trickle. Slowly, the wetness spread in the crotch of her jeans. She could feel a little stream flowing to her back, tickling down her butt and soaking into the back of her jeans. The flow felt so good, Jenny didn’t want to stop it. She lavished the feeling of just peeing in her jeans, just peeing her bed…

“FUCK!!” Jenny clenched her muscles, squirting a final jet of pee into her panties. “This isn’t my bed!”, Jenny thought.

Carefully, she examined the damage, feeling the wetness in her jeans. It felt good. but her immediate arousal was gone, at least for the moment. Jenny checked the mattress. It was still mostly dry. A trickle had made its way down to the mattress, but the puddle was little, it would be dry in the morning.

Jenny carefully untangled herself from Laura, who had fallen asleep while Jenny’s thoughts had been distracted by her wet adventure. She crawled out of the bed and quietly stood up. In the dim light of a few phosphorescent stars on the ceiling, Jenny could make out the shapes of her sleeping children. She quietly wished them a good night and exited the room, closing the door without making a noise.

A large mirror in the hallway clearly showed the large wet patch emerging from her crotch, tinting the right half of her jeans a darker shade of blue. Jenny felt oddly proud of it. At same time, she wanted more. She found her hand feeling the wetness in her crotch. It was still warm and she still wanted to feel the flow. Without really thinking about it, Jenny released another little stream of pee that made her jeans glisten. She felt the renewed wetness in her fingers. She felt her fingers in her crotch. It felt so good. But she still wanted more. The thick fabric getting wet felt really nice, but it also dulled her feeling of touch.

Reluctantly, she stopped her stream before she ran out of pee. She closely watched in the mirror as the glistening soaked into the fabric. That wet patch looked really good. Jenny turned to take a look at her butt and the wet patch that extended around it.

Jenny left the mirror and walked over to the kitchen, grabbed a bottle of sparkling water from the fridge and gulped it down in one go. Only a few seconds later, she stood in her bedroom, grabbed her splash blanket from the bottom drawer and spread it over the bed in one smooth motion.

Without further ado, she switched off the lights and laid down on the bed. Laying on her back, Jenny closed her eyes and focused on the wetness in her crotch. It felt good, but it already grew cold. Maybe start by warming it up a little. Jenny relaxed, just a little. Just thinking of it made her heart beat faster. Jenny relaxed a little more. Now she could feel it. Her muscles complied, slowly releasing their grip.

A little trickle escaped and Jenny’s excitement made her immediately clench her muscles, stopping the stream. She gently stroked the crotch of her jeans. The wetness still felt cold. Jenny relaxed again. This time, she really wanted to feel it. Slowly, slowly, she felt her muscles relax. She felt her pee starting to flow. The first droplets soaked into her panties. The stream grew stronger. Jenny could feel the warmth spread in her panties, but her jeans were still cold. She relaxed some more and the stream grew stronger. Pee started pooling in her panties, thoroughly wetting her pussy. Now Jenny could feel her jeans getting warmer. Pee trickled down her butt and soaked the bottom of her jeans. It felt so good. Jenny relaxed some more and relished the feeling of her pee splashing against the fabric of her panties.

At this point, stroking the crotch of her jeans was not good enough any more. Jenny slid her hand into her trousers and into her stream as she released everything. Pee flooded out of her while Jenny began caressing her submerged pussy.

When Jenny recovered from her ecstatic relief, she lay in a deep puddle of hot pee. She laid back and enjoyed the wetness for a moment. Then, she stripped off her soaked clothes and put everything in the washing machine. Her children would never know what their mother did when she was alone.

