The Party

Author: Nineteen

*000*2017-07-10 00:29

"Hey, look at that! Nineteen isn't dead after all." Yes, I know it took a while to finish, but this story is finally finished. I love Beyond: Two Souls and, when I got a request to do a story about it, I was thrilled. So, after several weeks, here it is. Just as long-winded as usual, but I hope you'll read it to the end and enjoy it!

...

“Listen, I’m not sure I should go.”

“Jodie, you’ve been begging me for weeks. You’re not going to back out now?!”

Jodie and Nathan were parked outside the house of one of the workers in Unit 4. Her daughter was celebrating her birthday and Jodie had been dying to come. Now, though… well, she was having second thoughts.

“I don’t know anybody there. They might all hate me, and… this dress… this dress is awful.”

Nathan gave her a patient look. “Don’t panic. Just take a deep breath. It’s only a birthday party. I’m sure everybody will like you.” Jodie looked at him doubtfully. “You’ll have some fun, meet some new friends.”

Jodie climbed hesitantly from the car, then turned back towards Nathan, looking at him anxiously through the open window. “Oh! Don’t forget your present!” Nathan handed her a gift. “It’s a book of poetry by Poe. Fifty years old and very rare- I’m sure she’ll like it.”

Jodie looked at the book in her hands and back at Nathan. “Don’t worry,” he reassured her. “It’s going to be fine. I’ll pick you up at 5.” And, with that, he drove away.

Jodie turned to look at the house, butterflies fluttering at the walls of her stomach. Even with Nathan’s assurances, her fears were still running rampant as worst case scenarios filled her mind. Suddenly, her thoughts were interrupted by a soft pang in her bladder. She groaned quietly. Her all this excitement had triggered her nervous bladder. She would have to remember to empty that soon.

The house was only a few yards away, but the walk to the front door seemed like an eternity. At last, Jodie reached it, taking a deep breath before pressing the doorbell button. After a few seconds, the door was answered by the birthday girl’s mother, who invited her in.

The woman shouted into the next room, trying to catch the attention of her daughter. “Kirsten, you coming? I’ve gotta go!” You're not the only one... thought Jodie, shifting her feet uncomfortably. A girl slightly older than Jodie walked into the room. Jodie could only assume this was Kirsten.

“Hey, Jodie right? Come on, we’re in the living room. Just some girls from school and the least dorky guys we could find.” Kirsten and her mother made some parting remarks before the older woman left and the younger girl led Jodie into the next room, where several teenagers sat, waiting for her return.

Kirsten introduced Jodie to the group and complained about her mom for a moment before assigning her guests a task. “Guys, you do the shutters, girls, do the candles, and Jodie, you can take care of the music. Let’s get CRAZY!” The host left the room to get beer while the others attended their jobs. Jodie walked quickly over to the music player and bent down to look through the selection available. The motion put a slight pressure on her bladder and her body immediately began to protest. Oh no, Jodie silently chastised herself. I forgot to ask for a bathroom. She scrolled through a few more music options before the throbbing of her bladder made her stand again.

“What kind of garbage is this?!” Asked a girl that Jodie hadn’t caught the name of, walking towards the music player. “Slide over.” The girl changed the music to something she described as “really popping” and left. Jodie rolled her eyes.

As Jodie watched the girl leave, a sudden pang in her bladder caught her off guard. She tensed up and ground her teeth together. Even if it wasn’t enough to make her leak, it wouldn’t be long before she really needed a toilet. Maybe, thought Jodie, I can just go look for one on my own. She walked towards the door to the rest of the house, but nearly ran into Kirsten who was returning with the beer. The shock made her bladder spasm again, and she blushed softly as she backed away from the party’s host. Kirsten gave Jodie a strange look and then addressed the rest of the party guests. After getting her bladder under control, Jodie followed her back to the center of the room.

“Hid it under my bed for a week!” Kirsten informed her friends. “My mom doesn’t even go into my room anymore. She’s TOTALLY oblivious…” Kirsten passed out a can to each of her friends who thanked and complimented her in turn before turning to face Jodie. “Jodie, do you want one?” Jodie hesitated for a moment. She had never had any alcohol before… but what would the others think of her if she turned it down?

“Yeah, cool, sure…” Kirsten tossed her a can and she caught it against her chest. With a little effort, she popped the tab and raised it to her lips for a sip. The taste caught her by surprise and she nearly choked.

“Hey, don’t choke on it!” Kirsten warned.

“I bet it’s her first time,” the girl who had changed the music.

“No, no… I’ve had some before,” Jodie protested.

“Sure you have,” replied one of the boys.

The party goers all left the table, but Jodie stayed behind, temporarily forgetting about her filling bladder. She was determined to prove to the other guests that she could handle the beverage. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath before downing another gulp of the beer in her hands. The taste made her wrinkle her nose, but she had to do this. Another drink and the beer can was nearly empty. The last one finished it off. She set it gently on the table… and took another from the box. This one tasted better and only took her two long swallows to finish. By the time she set down this can, she was beginning to feel dizzy. Okay, she thought, maybe that's enough…

After wandering around for a few minutes taking in the party scene, Jodie began to feel a bit sick and walked over to a chair to sit down. She’d only been sitting for a moment before a boy sat next to her- the one that hadn’t made fun of her earlier, thankfully. They sat in silence for a few seconds before the boy turned to her and began to speak.

“Hi, hi, I’m Matt. Jodie, right?” Jodie nodded, smiling nervously. “I’ve never seen you at school before. You don’t take classes on the base?”

“I’m… in a different program,” Jodie explained. “With my own teacher.” She paused. “It’s… kinda boring. I never get to see people my age… I suppose I’ve gotten used to it.” Matt nodded.

“So you work with Kirsten’s mother?” He asked.

“Yeah, we work in the same lab,” Jodie told him. “She thought it would be a good idea for me to come and spend some time with people my age, so… here I am…”

“I used to live in London before I moved here two years ago…” Matt recounted. “And you? Where did you live before?”

Jodie paused. “...On the base. I’ve lived there my whole life. I was born there.” Matt looked slightly ruffled by her last answer, but he moved on quickly.

“Do you have any hobbies? Anything you like to do for fun?” Matt proceeded without waiting for an answer. “I surf any chance I get and I play in a band with a bunch of friends… And you? What are you into?” Jodie smiled pleasantly for a second before realizing this was her chance to speak.

“Umm… well this is gonna sound REALLY boring,” Jodie answered hesitantly. “But I like to read, and… I like sports… I mean, I can’t leave the base so that sort of limits things…”

Matt nodded, considering his next question. Finally, he asked her, “Is it alright if I ask you a question?” Jodie said nothing, he continued. “Why are you in Unit 4?”

“I… I’d rather not talk about it…” Jodie said evasively.

“Damn! I’m so stupid! I hope I haven’t upset you or anything.”

“No… that’s okay.”

Suddenly, the room grew much quieter. Matt looked up, then at Jodie in excitement.

“Slow dance!” He exclaimed. “You up for it?” Jodie looked at him helplessly, suddenly becoming painfully aware of the fullness of her bladder. The beer, she realized, probably wasn’t doing much to help her.

Matt looked at her, waiting for an answer. “Umm… yeah, sure. I’m up for it.” Jodie said reluctantly. Matt grinned and extended a hand to help Jodie from her seat. Jodie grimaced and shifted uncomfortably before taking his hand and standing up slowly, careful to keep the contents of her bladder from escaping. The boy led her out onto the makeshift dance floor and they began to dance.

The first step sent a pang of desperation through Jodie’s bladder, the likes of which she had never experienced. Why does this have to happen today? Jodie gritted her teeth and took another step. Another jolt of bladder pain rocked her body, then another. Their dance continued for another few seconds, with Jodie absolutely bursting and Matt absolutely oblivious, before things began to take a turn for the worse.

Jodie, completely distracted from their dance, took a step directly onto Matt’s foot. She squeaked in surprise and quickly stepped off. Matt smiled in amusement, but Jodie’s expression showed anything but. With the surprise and sudden movement, she had leaked a little. She stopped dancing for a moment, squeezing her legs together and steeling her bladder for several more minutes of agony, before returning to a slow sway to the beat of the music, her blushing face turned unremittingly towards the floor.

After what seemed like an eternity, Jodie felt like the music had to be coming to an end. She looked up at Matt, only to find his face only millimeters from hers. She gasped and turned away quickly, with Matt’s kiss landing on her cheek rather than her lips. The start resulted in another pang of desperation. A few drops leaked into Jodie’s panties before she could even comprehend what was happening. Jodie gasped again, her face reddening as she pulled on of her hands from Matt’s grasp. To her dismay, though, Matt didn’t let her go. Instead, he pulled her closer. Jodie whined softly as her bladder continued to leak slowly, a few more drops escaping into her now damp underwear.

Jodie writhed in Matt’s arms, trying desperately to escape his clutches as her bladder inexorably gave out. Finally, her attempts slowed to a small squirm as she focused her attempts on holding her pee, but it soon became clear that she would need her hands to squeeze in the flow and both were held by Matt. “Please let me go,” she begged softly. “Please…”

Just as Jodie began to despair, Matt’s arms were wrenched away from her. She looked up to see the boy stumbling back across the room into the chair where he had introduced himself. He landed hard and went tumbling backwards, taking the chair with him. After a moment of rolling on the ground, he regained his feet and started back towards Jodie, spewing profanities and calling the rest of the party goers over to him.

“This little bitch just attacked me!” He pointed at Jodie accusingly. Jodie looked at him, alarmed.

“No,” she responded hurriedly. “No, no. It wasn’t me, it was…” She knew she couldn’t explain it in time and began to back away from Matt and the rest of the- now angry- party guests. Every step sent a stab of discomfort through her bladder, but she was too afraid now to notice. She took several more steps before her back hit a wall. The other teens closed in around her, insulting her and touching her- some gentle pokes, some harder hits, some shoves, all terrifying her. She begged them to stay back, but they continued to get nearer and nearer. Finally, one of them grabbed her arm. She yanked away, but someone else grabbed her other arm and then it was all over. They had her.

They dragged Jodie back the way she had come into the room, towards the exit. Jodie began to hope that they may just be leading her to the exit, but when someone went ahead to open the door, it wasn’t the front they went to but a cupboard under the stairs. Upon seeing this, Jodie started to panic again, writhing and screaming and begging them to let her go. As she squirmed and shouted, a thin stream of urine escaped her aching bladder, but she couldn’t care less. She was completely distracted.

The party guests forced her down the hall and into the cupboard, laughing at her and mocking her fear. After being shoved in, Jodie fell to her knees and began to cry, moaning and whimpering as the stream from her bladder growing rapidly. Liquid leaked from the corners of her eyes and down her nose, as well as from her lower lips, further soaking her already sodden panties. All she could do was wait for the stream to subside, but as she sat, crying and whining, all it did was grow larger and faster.

After a moment, she looked up to see if the other guests had locked her in. Too her horror and mortification, the door was still wide open. Matt had turned away in disgust, but the rest of the party goers were staring in fascination and amusement. Jodie turned bright red and begged them softly to stop looking at her. When none of them followed her request, she turned her eyes away and began to attempt to cover herself up. In the end, it was all she could do to hide the mess with her hands, and so she sat, peeing into her panties and her dress and her hands, waiting for the humiliation to end.

When it was finally over, the river began to shrink back to a stream, then a dribble, then a few drops. Jodie looked up, utterly disgraced, to see what her peers thought of the display. Kirsten was smirking, another girl openly laughing, and the last girl was biting her lip in apparent arousal. The boy in the hat looked floored. Jodie turned away again, and the movement seemed to bring the boy to his senses. He shut the door, and, after a moment, Jodie heard it lock. She was just glad for a moment alone to collect herself. She looked to the ground, where an enormous puddle had collected, before gingerly taking a seat as far from the urine as she could get in the small closet. As she attempted to collect herself, Aiden waited beside her planning his revenge.

...

So there's the story. I'm not finished with this one just yet... Aiden will play into another chapter that will come shortly if I can find the time to write it. But go ahead and let me know what you thought in the comments (yes, even if it's mean) and feel free to request any stories you'd like to see. Thank you so much for your patience and for reading my story!

*002*2017-07-13 00:59

{{On 7/9/2017 at 5:50 PM, Bellatrix1 said:

I like this so far I sure hope Jodie and Aiden both get there revenge on them

}}

Thank you! I plan on posting another chapter soon!

*005*2017-07-16 04:16

{{On 7/13/2017 at 5:56 PM, quintex96 said:

Excellent story! Can't wait for the next chapter!

}}

It should be on it's way in the next week! Thanks for the support!

*007*2017-07-20 05:34

{{12 hours ago, Heloctre said:

I loved your story. I look forward to reading the continuation.

}}

Thank you so much!

*008*2017-07-24 04:08

Okay, so chapter two! Aiden gets his revenge on Kirsten and her two friends (who I have named Jessica and Ashley because I don't think they were actually given names in the game... if they were and I'm dead wrong, sorry...) so read up if you want! Here goes nothing!

...

Jodie had been locked in the closet for almost half an hour when Aiden finally returned. She was still miserable, cold, and wet, but her crying had finally stopped. The humiliation had yet to go away. The music had resumed a long time ago, and Jodie could feel the bass thumping beneath her feet. With her knees against her chest and her back against the wall, she could almost completely avoid the puddle of urine she had left in the center of the closet. The only thing still in the puddle was her shoes, which mercifully did not absorb the liquid.

She looked up when she felt her companion enter and silently called out to him. “Get me out of here…” she pleaded. “Please…” Aiden complied, and, after a moment, the door clicked and opened. Jodie crawled out as quickly as she could, feeling her knees make contact with the- now cold- pee on the floor.

Upon standing up, Jodie could see that the host and her friends had shut, and presumably locked, the door to keep her from re-entering the party should she escape from the closet. Fortunately, she had no intention of going back in. Aiden looked to her for a moment, waiting on her for a course of action. Jodie closed her eyes for a moment and took a deep breath, considering the deep satisfaction that getting revenge on the party goers would bring her. After a moment, however, she decided that she would be the bigger person and leave.

When she went to relay her decision to her silent companion, however… she discovered that he had already made a choice of his own. She called out to him, but he ignored her. He had already entered the party, and its guests would know his wrath. Jodie began to panic, but she knew there was nothing she could do. Whatever happened from here was out of her hands. All she could do was sit and wait.

…

Kirsten’s birthday party had taken a turn for the better ever since that little freak was locked up. Without Jodie bothering Matt, the Londoner had turned his attention to the birthday girl, who knew she was much more deserving of it. Aside from the lame book she had gotten, all her presents had been awesome. She especially looked forward to making use of the thong she had received, but, for now, her mind was elsewhere.

With all the excitement, her time had been completely occupied; playing hostess, switching up the music, chatting with her friends, dancing, and consuming several beers, she had been completely distracted from a concern which had just become much more pressing. She was caught up in a conversation with Matt, but she knew that, very soon, she would need to excuse herself and use the bathroom.

Matt, completely drunk and oblivious to her situation, continued to chat idly as Kirsten’s squirming became more and more pronounced. The beer had taken its toll and her bladder was filling up rapidly, but she was afraid to leave and return to find Matt occupied with one of her friends. So she stayed, and squirmed, and shifted and shook and squeezed her legs together, all the while feeling her bladder balloon inside of her.

Just as the situation was finally reaching its climax and Kirsten’s desperation was coming to a head, the music kicked off. Matt was too drunk to notice, as was his friend, but Kirsten looked over at the stereo to see that, to her horror, the display had been shattered. Her eyes went wide and she looked around to see who had done it, but none of her guests were standing anywhere near it.

“Oh my god you guys,” she exclaimed. “My mom is going to kill me if she finds out I broke this!” The other teens looked nonplussed. Kirsten looked at each of them in turn before a sudden pang in her bladder made her close her eyes and squeeze her thighs together in discomfort. It took a moment for the desperation to pass, but, once it had, she found that the environment had returned to the way it was despite the lack of music.

Kirsten was about to voice her anger about the ruined stereo once more when a loud bang behind her made her start and pulled her attention away from the destruction. While she had been occupied by the stereo, the table had flipped over. Utter confusion overtook her for a moment, before realization set in. Jodie. Kirsten stormed over to the door, ignoring the noise as several beers were thrown from their container and the pans in the kitchen were knocked to the floor, as well as the mounting pain in her bladder. That little freak is using her witch magic to ruin my party!

She came to a stop in front of the door and grabbed the handle, turning it savagely and pulling hard… but it didn’t budge. She smiled at her own foolishness, having momentarily forgotten that they had locked the door to keep the bitch out. To her confusion, she found the door unlocked. She turned the handle again and yanked once more, then twice and three times, but the door still didn’t open. Kirsten began to panic as another stab of discomfort seized her bladder. If this door didn’t open, she was going to be in serious trouble.

She turned Matt and gave him an exasperated look. He wasn’t even looking at her. She huffed and walked over to him. “Matt!” He turned to face her, momentarily distracted from the chaos that Jodie was causing in the room. “Will you please get that door open for me?” She whined. “It’s stuck and I can’t make Jodie stop if I can’t get out of here.” Matt nodded and walked over to the door, giving it a hard tug. Instead of watching him attempt to open the door, Kirsten looked around the room, observing the mess that the witch was making.

Jodie had knocked over every single chair or table that she could and everything that had been on them was now on the floor. Kirsten ground her teeth at the sight of the chaos, but, so far, the only real damage that had been done was- Oh god... another huge wave of desperation hit Kirsten so suddenly that she had no choice but to grab herself to hold it in. To her horror and mortification, even forcefully squeezing her pee in did not prevent several droplets from escaping into her panties.

After a few seconds, Kirsten was finally able to get her bladder under control, but it felt like an eternity. She straightened back up and looked around at the guests, who were thankfully too distracted by Jodie’s temper tantrum to notice her situation. To her alarm, however, when her gaze fell on Matt, she found him still struggling to open the door. She was about to walk over to him when he was knocked flat onto his back by an unseen force. She gasped and backed away, but it was too late. Jodie grabbed her arm and yanked her several steps to the right, then grabbed her other arm and pulled her to the left, then back to her right and then to her left and so on until she finally fell to her knees. That seemed to be just what Jodie was waiting for, as she used the opportunity to shove Kirsten onto her back.

The force of the blow made Kirsten’s bladder spasm and she grabbed herself again to keep it in, but, once again, failed to keep from leaking. This time her bladder let loose a long squirt that fully wet her underwear. It was only when the desperation subsided that she realized Jodie had stopped attacking her. In fact, it seemed that all of the chaos in the room had stopped completely. Kirsten sat up as quickly as her bladder would allow and took a look around the room. The entire party area was a disaster, with every surface being tipped and every beverage and snack being spilled. Kirsten frowned, but she was relieved that the only damage to the room was the stereo. That could be explained and everything else could be cleaned up.

She was just about to breathe a sigh of relief when one of her friends screamed. She whipped her head around frantically, praying that Jodie hadn’t hurt anyone. When her eyes finally came to rest on the source of the scream, she found it to be Jessica, her friend with the glasses, legs pretzeled around one another, hands jammed into crotch, head bowed in shame. After a moment, Kirsten realized why; Jessica was peeing herself. The liquid escaped in cascades, soaking her pants, first down the thighs and then to her knees and then to her ankles, before finally pitter pattering into a puddle on the floor. Kirsten’s eyes went wide as she watched her friend wet her pants.

After a moment of watching the spectacle, Kirsten noticed something. The area around Jessica’s bladder was depressed, pushed in in a way that made it look like… Wait, Kirsten thought, did my squirt make Jodie decide to make Jess pee herself? Indeed, it seemed that the wetting had distracted Jodie from destroying anything else, and, for that, Kirsten was thankful. It was only after a moment of silence that another cry came from another corner of the room. Kirsten turned to look in the direction of the noise, only to find Ashley, her friend in pink, huddled in a corner. Kirsten stumbled up from her sitting position and rushed over to her to see if she was hurt, but when she got closer, she found an entirely different situation.

Ashley was crying silently, her hands in a death grip on her crotch. Despite her best efforts, however, Kirsten could see urine escaping from her, spraying audibly out of her pee hole and past her fingers to pool on the floor. Ashley was bright red, clearly mortified. Kirsten watched in morbid fascination as Ashley’s bladder emptied into her pants and onto the floor. As the stream faltered and stopped, Kirsten wondered who the next victim would be… but only for a moment, before realizing suddenly that it would be her.

“NO!” She cried, rushing for the door and yanking on it again and again. “No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!” She stopped pulling at the door and turned to address the empty air, hoping Jodie could see her. “Jodie, listen…” she pleaded. “I know we were jerks and we made you wet yourself, but please don’t m-” Kirsten’s plea was interrupted as an invisible force drove into her bladder. She nearly doubled over before falling to her knees on the floor. She fought against it for a moment, but the force pushed harder and harder, urging her to let go until, finally, she couldn’t resist.

Even as she battled against her bladder, she felt her control slip. She lost control in spurts at first, struggling to regain control even as pee escaped her, but after a few seconds of increasing pressure, she could no longer stop it. The spurts became a constant dribble, then a stream, then a river, then a firehose, spraying out of her and wetting her pants to the knee, before dripping down onto the floor below her. Kirsten could do nothing to fight it. As the flow finally subsided and Jodie’s attack returned its focus to the room around her, all Kirsten could do was sit there. As blush crept across her face and urine soaked further into her pants, all she could think about was whether she really should have been so mean to Jodie.

While the party exploded into chaos all around her, Kirsten felt sorry.

...

Was that any good? I don't know, but I hope you all enjoyed it! I should be finished with a Bioshock: Infinite story sometime in the next week, so feel free to subscribe or something if you want to keep an eye out for that. If you liked the original story or this chapter, you're welcome to leave a comment, or, if you hated them both, I appreciate constructive criticism too! Thanks for reading!

