Brittany's Bursting Bladder

Author: Nimbus

*000*2016-08-16 00:01

I enjoy the appeal of alliteration. Not so much the more subtle approach of staggering the similar beginnings employed by those superior to me; but the Bold, Brash Barrage form of alliteration... basically I'm a kindergartner.

The ebb and flow of the sweet agony. The dance of desperation; each distressed move, so sensually taboo. The beautiful battle against the inevitable. The pressure slowly, teasingly growing more and more constant, more and more unbearable. The final relief. Hot, flowing release. The orgasmic outpouring. The musical trickle…

Brittany couldn’t quite decide on her favorite part of the experience. Her bare feet danced around the small area of the porcelain tub. The build-up was fun. Though perhaps sometimes it took too long. Brittany mused, swaying her hips slightly.

The blonde was in the process of enjoying one of her favorite private pastimes when she was rudely interrupted by the tone of her doorbell. Brittany groaned loudly. It was probably her roommate forgetting the key again. She was supposed to be on a date.

Brittany sighed, she would have to continue her exploits at another time. Ever the dutiful roommate she left the bathroom and went to let her forgetful roommate in. Instead, she found someone else at the door.

“Mom?” Brittany asked.

“Hello, sweetie.” A somewhat older blonde replied, pushing past her daughter into the apartment. “You don’t keep this place too clean, do you?” It wasn’t really a question.

“I’ve… been busy.” Brittany shrugged.

“Lounging in tights?” Her mom rolled her eyes.

Brittany looked at the tight grey fabric that covered her long, toned legs. “They’re sweat pants.”

“Oh, do you actually do yoga in them?” Her mom asked, rifling through the cabinents.

“Well…” Brittany didn’t think her desperate shenanigans exactly counted as yoga, despite the various contorted poses she found herself in. Neither did her… other activities, and those ones even required a fair bit of flexibility at times and even helped with her cardio.

“Do you eat anything resembling a meal?”

“Uh…”

“Nevermind. Come on, put your shoes on we are going grocery shopping.”

“Not that I don’t appreciate the… attention, but what are you doing here.”

“I’m checking on my daughter. Figured you wouldn’t be taking care of yourself.” Brittany sighed but didn’t say anything. “Now put your shoes on.”

“Hold on, I need to use the bathroom.” Brittany mumbled.

“I don’t really have the time, right now. Let’s just go.” Her mom ushered her on.

“Yet you have the time to patronize me.” Brittany grumbled throwing on her shoes. She hoped this wouldn’t take too long or she might resort to some “not yoga.”

*

Brittany whimpered, while her mother surveyed the frozen foods section. She had hoped to be able to use the bathroom at the grocery store, only to find it out of order. Now, she was stuck waiting on her mom. Her movements obviously conveyed her predicament to those around her, yet her mom stayed oblivious.

Brittany doubled over and bobbed her butt back and forth. Both hands were firmly tucked between her legs. She rose up, and bounced from foot to foot. “Are you almost done?”

“I’m doing this for you.” Her mom replied without looking back.

Brittany groaned inwardly. Despite the public venue, Brittany squatted, keeping both hands against her crotch. She shifted side to side and whimpered softly. It wasn’t enough. She could feel the pee begin to dribble out. Her favorite pair of boy shorts to wet in absorbed the warmth and pressed it against her crotch and haunches.

Normally Brittany loved the feeling of the hot moisture against her delicate skin, and while she couldn’t entirely say she didn’t enjoy the feeling at that moment, she did not want to wet herself in public. Especially in front of her mom.

Brittany curled up tighter and rocked on the balls of her feet. It seemed her panties were the only ones to take any damage before she stopped the flow. She didn’t know how much longer she could hold it back though.

“Mom…” Brittany whined.

“What?” She snapped. Turning towards her daughter finally. “What are you doing? Get up.”

Brittany chewed on her lower lip but rose to a standing position. She was still bent at the waist though.

“Stand straight up.” Her mom demanded. “And get your hands out of your crotch. Come on, now!”

Brittany did her best to obey. She straightened her back, and both hands hung at her sides, her fists tightly closed. She rubbed her thighs together. The fight to stay dry had just gotten much more difficult. The top of her right foot rubbed at the back of her left calf.

“Stop dancing around. Seriously, try to be an adult.”

Brittany couldn’t take it. Hot, tantalizing relief spilled out of her. A dark, vaguely heart shaped pattern glistened around her lap, and grew in size. Streaks of wetness soaked down the legs of her pants. The sudden spray of pee had quite thoroughly wet her pants. Brittany moaned softly. The warm, forbidden tickle of pee spill across her legs. The splatter almost drowned out the reality of the situation.

But once the flood subsided she was left with the truth. She had wet her pants in front of her mom. She shamefully lifted her eyes to her mother.

“Oh, honey. I didn’t know you still had accidents.” She spoke softly now.

“What do you mean still?” Brittany asked, tears forming in her eyes.

“You didn’t think I never knew about all those wet clothes you tried to hide from me growing up, did you?” She laughed softly.

Those weren’t accidents per se. Brittany had been interested in wetting herself for as long as she knew. Still it was probably best to let her mom believe they were accidents.

“I… dunno.” Brittany mumbled.

“Alright, well why don’t you go wait in the car while I check out and then we can get you out of here.” Brittany nodded her head.

It didn’t take Brittany too long to cool down from her humiliation. Once she did she began to think of her return home. She hoped Autumn wasn’t home. After all, this was probably her hottest wetting yet. There would need to be some… “Celebration.”

I am fairly certain this is the first character I've written that's actually been interested in omorashi. This is primarily because I tend to get some level of sadistic enjoyment out of fictional wettings being embarrassing for the wetter, plus MyDirtyHobby, and amateur youtube wetting videos kind of killed any remaining enjoyment of intentional wetting with their rather boring (or sometimes vulgar) casual wettings. However, just because someone is interested in wetting does not mean accidents can't be genuine and certain wettings can't be embarrassing; in fact Brittany interest in wetting presents some possible scenarios I'm not sure how I would otherwise execute.

*002*2016-09-01 19:39

{{On 8/26/2016 at 3:43 PM, GreenChile said:

OMG please give us a back story on Brittany please please please!

}}

I do have story plans for Brittany's earlier incidents. It will just be some time before I get them written out.

