Lord of the Manor

Author: Nonymouse

*000*2018-12-13 23:42

I have really enjoyed (as a lurker) some of the fanfic posted here, and thought I'd contribute to the community. Not sure if my writing is everyone's cup of tea, but maybe someone will enjoy. (1700 words approx)

Men like Collin Grant could buy almost anything, but his heart didn’t yearn for more material stuff. He didn’t get up every morning for the thrill of planning his next party or driving one of his Lambos. In fact, life had been humdrum of late. Boring, even.

And yet…

Collin let his gaze linger appreciatively on the woman walking ahead of him. He and Lara had only been dating for two months, but she was the one spice in his life these days. A little intimidated by his vast wealth, but not cowed by his dominating presence—she enjoyed the latter, he suspected, and he intended to ramp it up.

This weekend was theirs. Collin had invited Lara up to the north of England, where his family estate sprawled across green pastures and brutal, heather-covered hills. She’d been leery about making the long drive, but had arrived an hour ago, and said yes to his suggestion of a walk.

“You own all this?” Lara asked a little breathlessly.

“From that hill there back to the line of trees on the horizon.” Collin smiled indulgently at her wide-eyed expression. There was something a touch stiff in the way she held herself—perhaps she’d pulled a muscle? He stepped casually alongside her and ran a proprietary hand down her back. “You okay?”

She straightened. “Um. Overwhelmed, temporarily.”

“Want to head back? You haven’t seen the castle yet.”

“How many people live there?” Lara’s gaze went to the gray hulk in the distance. They were about a mile away, across a series of pastures and past a grove of trees.

“Just me.” Collin shrugged. “With my parents dead, my brother inherited a estate in Cornwall. He stays there while I prefer it here. I do… share it with my friends sometime.”

“Your kinky friends?” She smiled. He'd told her about his group of friends, most of them into dom/sub stuff but a few with differing kinks. One or two even enjoyed what he did--depseration and wetting. Driving a woman to the brink of losing control--watching her go over, and then soothing her until everything was okay again.

“My servants are the picture of discretion.” Collin didn’t mention he’d never found a woman who’d shared his kink. A shame, really. Vanilla relationships weren’t his thing.

Lara’s smile slipped as they approached a low stone wall. She’d gone back to being stiff again, body canting sideways, thighs pressed together as if…

Collin hid a smile. Looked like she had to pee.

“Shall we venture farther?” he inquired.

Lara’s dark eyes flicked toward the castle and she worried at her lower lip. “Maybe a few more minutes? It’s getting dark. And it was a long drive.”

“Did you stop anywhere?”

“Three coffee breaks.” She shot him a rueful grin.

“My poor tired baby.” Linking arms, he guided her up a hill, but he paid no mind to the view. Instead, he enjoyed the way she tensed and shivered, wiggling her bottom in what he knew was an attempt to relieve the pressure on her bladder. Subtle, oh so subtle, but Collin knew.

“Ready to go back?” she finally asked. The strain showed now, the way her eyes didn’t quite focus on him—or anything—and the increasingly stiff way she walked.

“Sure.” Arm still linked, he helped her down the hill, relishing the way she leaned on him for extra balance as her concentration shifted to keeping her bladder from voiding in her pants. Not that he’d mind that. He’d soothe her, clean her up—and dare her to do it again.

At one of the stone walls that cris-crossed the land, Collin paused, wanting to test something. “You mind if I pee real quick?”

Lara’s gaze skittered around, looking for witnesses. “Here?”

“Perks of being a guy.”

“Okay then.” He could hear the blush in her voice as she turned away. Collin, who was not shy about such things, watered the moss in the stones, zipped himself up, and went solicitously back to Lara’s side.

“Your turn, baby.”

Her blush deepened. “I… can’t.”

“Can’t pee? After three coffees?” he teased.

“Um.” She looked up at him, biting her lip again. “I have a very shy bladder. I do have to go—quite badly, in fact—but I won’t be able to out here. Not until I’m literally bursting.”

Collin raised an eyebrow. “What happens then?”

“I… have this funny point of no return. Can’t go, can’t go… then whoosh, nothing can stop me. Makes public bathrooms real fun. I have to be dribbling in my panties before… I can.”

“Have you not peed this entire drive up?” Collin asked incredulously.

She shook her head, bit her lip hard, and ducked her head.

“Must be incredibly uncomfortable. Does anything help?”

Her whisper was so quiet he couldn’t hear it over the low breeze that ruffled their hair. “What’s that?”

“Permission,” she said a little louder. “I… if someone gives me permission to pee, then I can do it.”

“Ah. So if I commanded you to pee, right here, at my feet, you could do it?” A slow smile spread across Collin’s face as Lara nodded. A flick of her dark eyes in his direction suggested a hint of pleading. But he put his hand at the small of her back and guided her onward.

“I won’t give you permission—yet,” he said, watching her expression carefully. Wonder of wonders, what he’d hoped to see actually happened.

A flare of excitement. Yeah, she wanted this.

“And I’ll check whether your panties are dry when we reach my castle,” he added, and by the way she gulped, she liked that too.

**

Collin’s castle was at least a mile away, and by the time they drew close enough to make out individual crenellations, Lara knew she was in trouble. Serious trouble. Hold-herself-in-public trouble.

“H-how many servants did you say you had?” she grated.

“Twenty or so, give or take.” Collin’s attention was wholly on her, and she found herself enjoying it. Most of the time, her bladder issues were seriously embarrassing. Not being able to go until, well, she was going—that was hard to deal with. Her bladder was shy, strong, and weak all at once.

It twinged, and Lara paused on the wide path, thighs clamping together.

“Okay?” Collin asked.

“Ish.”

He glanced at the nearby windows. “I’d give you permission to pee now, but…”

“That would embarrass us both far too much,” she said, finishing his thought.

“Indeed.” And his hand slipped down her panties, under cover of her dark coat. A quick, proprietary pat on her mound. “Still dry. Good girl.”

The praise made her perk up, and Lara managed another few strides, pausing inside the foyer to grit her teeth. The butler waved them through, and soon they were at the end of the longest hallway Lara had ever seen. By now, walking was an absolute chore. Her bladder spasmed with every step. Soon, she was going to reach the point of no return.

“Collin,” she gasped, and he was there.

“Can’t make it?” he asked, as if the idea of her wetting her pants wasn’t such a big deal.

“It’s… painful.” She hobbled another step.

“Princess, if it’s too painful, just let go. I won’t lie—I love seeing you desperate, but I draw the line at too much pain.”

Lara huffed a laugh. “You’d… let me piss myself in your castle?”

“Right here, right now.” His smile was slow and genuine. “You know I like the way you obey me, but I don’t mind you bratting from time to time.”

Just… letting go? Wetting her pants in front of him while he watched? The next spasm was pain and pleasure, and Lara let out a small moan. The relief would be amazing, and he’d clean her up. She knew he would.

“No. I can make it.” She glared daggers at the far door, wrenching another few steps out of her poor body before stopping again in desperation.

Collin brushed a gentle finger across the outside of her pants. “Still dry,” he said in admiration, trailing his fingers across her bladder, which by now was bulging.

“Don’t… press,” she pleaded, and he withdrew.

A consummate gentleman, Collin opened the door that led to their shared bedroom—and an en suite bathroom. Which, like everything else here, was palatial. Which meant more walking. If she were at home, Lara might have peed right here, cleaned it up with a mop, and chalked it up to the vagaries of her particular bladder. But Collin’s bedroom was adorned with a fancy carpet. Lara minced across it, resorting by now to holding herself, and breathed a sigh of relief when she reached the other side, which was bare stone floor. Far easier to clean up.

Then she groaned. “You have a sitting room?”

Collin’s chuckle was low and mischievous.

“Bathroom’s another little way yet. Still dry?” His fingers slipped in to check, moving around in a way that was both good and bad. “Hmm. You seem to be enjoying yourself, princess.”

“Yeah, actually.” Lara hissed as she managed to step over the threshold into what looked to be an absolutely pointless sitting room. Two crystal glasses and a whiskey decanter awaited them by a crackling fire, but all she had eyes for was the distant toilet that beckoned her through two open doors. “Going to be really, reallllly nice when I can finally pee.”

Another few steps. Her entire vagina was one huge spasm. At the door, Lara clawed her jeans down, heedless of Collin’s presence. But her bladder bucked like an angry horse as her thighs met porcelain. And she looked up in agony.

“Well?” Collin inquired, and—damn him!—reached over to turn the tap on.

Lara moaned at the sound of rushing water. “C… can’t get going.”

“My poor baby. This happen often?”

She nodded weakly. “Even… at home. Sometimes toilets make it harder. Don’t know why.”

“You have my permission to pee, if that helps. Go, Lara. Let go. Now.”

Lara gasped again, her bladder spasming at his command. A strong hiss of pee hit the toilet and didn’t stop for what seemed like forever. As she voided, she couldn’t help but moan in relief, leaning forward to squeeze every last drop out.

##

Collin watched Lara pee, aroused beyond belief. If she peed on command, would that mean she’d wet her pants on command? The long weekend stretched out in front of him like a promise, and Collin smiled, listening to Lara’s little relieved gasps as she emptied herself.

Yeah, this was shaping up to be a good vacation.

