Summer Reunion

Author: Noot

*008*2020-06-29 00:40

There were three stalls in the ladies' room in the restaurant. Zoe headed straight for the nearest door, the one Tessa had used earlier, but immediately re-emerged from the cubicle laughing and fanning her hand in front of her nose in an exaggerated mime. She warned her friend to give that one twenty minutes and slipped into the next stall over, leaving Tessa to take the stall to Zoe's right.

Before Tessa had even started removing her skirt, she could hear the explosive hiss of Zoe voiding her bladder. Tessa had rarely heard such a forceful stream- she hadn't been kidding when she'd claimed she had to piss like a racehorse. A loud, unashamed sigh of relief emanated from Zoe's stall as the torrent was unleashed.

"That's so much better," she said over the sound of her pee hitting the bowl, "I felt like my eyeballs were floating".

Even Tessa had to commend her on her capacity. "Sounds like you really had to go," she laughed as she slipped her skirt down to her knees and took a seat. While Tessa had been a long way from desperate, she hadn't realised how badly she'd actually had to pee until she'd been within sight of the toilet. Funny how that's always the way it works, she thought. The closer you get to going, the worse you gotta go. Her own release was a wonderful feeling once she was safely sat down, but it was nothing compared to the relief that Zoe was getting nextdoor.

"That's the understatement of the century, Tessie," she replied, before trailing off. "Damn..."

"What's up?" asked Tessa.

"Looks like I waited a bit too long," Zoe said, sounding decidedly unfazed. Tessa asked for clarification, just to be sure they were on the same page.

"Well, I didn't quite make it, if you know what I mean. But no worries," she chuckled, "it'll dry off in no time. It's, like, the size of a dollar". Tessa didn't know what to say to that, so she just remained quiet and focused on finishing her own business. "Ah well," Zoe continued, "nothing I'm not used to. But it happens to everyone from time to time. I'm sure you've been there yourself, Tessie".

At this, Tessa blushed furiously. Of course she'd been there, more times than she could count, but you didn't just go telling your friends about it. Tessa could think of plenty of occasions where she didn't quite make it... those didn't matter, though, did they? A little leak from time to time never hurt anyone, she always felt. They weren't proper accidents.

"Well... yes, I have, actually. I just don't know how you're so confident talking about it to me, mate. I'm way too shy about these things", said Tessa, as her stream tapered off. Zoe was still going strong, like the proverbial racehorse, feeling the effects of those five bottles of Pepsi.

"Oh, it's water off a duck's back to me, mate," Zoe said nonchalantly, "it's just how I was raised, my family never held back from oversharing and it rubbed off on me. The way I see it, we all have to pee, right?"

"Right," Tessa replied, knowing where she was coming from, "so we might as well be proud of it".

The sound of Zoe's pee hitting the water stopped suddenly. "Exactly", she said evenly, before a few more short bursts rang out around the small bathroom. Tessa could tell Zoe was squeezing out a few more squirts, making sure she was completely empty. Usually this knowledge would have embarrassed Tessa's mild-mannered soul, but their conversation had made her consider her own approach to bathroom etiquette as she wiped herself. Finally, Zoe gave a last push that may have been overdoing it slightly, and there was no way Tessa could pretend not to hear the loud fart that it produced.

That broke the tension, and the two friends burst out laughing, bought even closer by this slightly strange shared experience despite being divided by the partition between them. "Better out than in!" Zoe managed between roars of laughter.

"Better out than in," Tessa agreed, wiping a tear from the corner of her left eye. She stood, pulled up her underwear and skirt, flushed the loo and went to wash her hands. Seconds later, she was joined by Zoe, who offered her a pretty smile as she used the sink.

"Let's not mention the bit where I wet myself to the boys, yeah?" Zoe asked as they moved to the contactless hand-dryer. Tessa had to raise her voice to assure her that it could be their secret, before dropping to a stage-whisper to say something she hadn't expected to tell anyone.

"To tell you a truth of my own, I almost wet myself too on the way over, in the Uber. That was why I went to 'freshen up' when I got here".

Zoe just raised an eyebrow. "I figured as much, mate. It's a long journey from England for you. I haven't had to pee that badly since the day Jamie texted me last month... but that's another story," she added hastily,"we'd better get going or the boys will wonder where we've been".

"Yes, let's go," Tessa agreed, feeling in a bizarre way like peeing with Zoe had lifted a weight from her shoulders as well as her bladder, "or else we'll have to pretend you fell in the toilet to explain where we've been".

*011*2020-06-30 23:14

Here we are with Chapter 9! When I started this story I didn't think I'd be writing 9 chapters of what is essentially setup, but after this we're finally ready to get the real bulk of the story underway. Nonetheless, I hope you've enjoyed spending time with these characters half as much as I have!

###

Jamie's family holiday home was like something right out of a movie. That had been Kevin's first impression as they arrived outside, and nothing he'd seen since had changed his mind. Not some kind of wooden cabin from a horror movie, nor a flashy mansion from an action film. It reminded him of a house from one of those family comedies that usually had at least one of Adam Sandler and Jennifer Aniston. Everything about the place felt warm and well lived-in.

The lounge was enormous, stretching most of the length of the building and half the width. In the centre of the back wall was an ancient-looking fireplace, and Kevin thought that it felt as if the entire house used been built around it. It was like the express purpose of the house was to give people somewhere to eat, sleep and pee in-between nights spent around that fireplace, talking and laughing with family and friends. No surprise, then, that the fire was where they found themselves sitting together shortly after arriving in the house. Once the six weary travellers had lugged their luggage to their respective rooms, they reconvened on an assortment of armchairs, sofas and one antique rocking-chair (which only Ayo could really pull off without seeming pretentious) to continue their evening.

Jamie, for his part, had started the fire and promptly disappeared to get more wood. This left his five guests to explore the vast room for themselves, examining each and every one of the details that filled this picturesque home. Tessa grew lost in the endless bookshelves, stacked with leather-bound tomes, half of which she'd already read. Mark grew lost in the collection of DVDs in the cupboard beneath a TV in one corner, all of which he'd already seen. Kevin wasn't so much a fan of books or movies. He'd almost grown lost on the way back from his bedroom.

He did find a few interesting things- an impressive grandfather clock which told him that it had just gone eight 'o' clock, a real gramophone coupled with a few vinyl records, a velvet ring box branded with the number 12 that everybody tried and failed to open. Jamie was the strongest, so when he returned carrying a wicker basket of chopped logs they passed him the ring box, but he explained that it'd been there since his childhood, when a visiting cousin had given it to their family as a joke. As their host stoked the fire and poured them drinks from a large bottle of sweet French whiskey, the five guests settled back into their pattern of conversation from the restaurant. Jamie himself was drinking just cola- he'd been teetotal for his entire life, and nobody felt like tempting him to stop now.

This time, though, they were already caught up on each other's lives and needed to improvise to keep things interesting. Being, as it was, as if they were stepping right back into the previous summer, a drinking game felt appropriate for a Saturday evening. Nobody was surprised when Zoe suggested Never Have I Ever, a favourite of hers, and offered to go first. She launched herself into the game with her usual bold enthusiasm and a coy half-smile.

"Never have I ever been fired from a job", she began. This was a sly opener on her part, Kevin felt- she knew full well that he'd been sacked from his job at Walmart for constant lateness in his younger days. He'd anticipated that Jamie would also have to drink, but was shocked to see Ayo take a sip of whiskey too. Kevin shot him a quizzical look and was offered the story before he needed to ask.

"It was a job with the Uni back in Nigeria. I asked for time off to come here. They said no," Ayo explained. His eyes twinkled. "I told them I was going to go and if they didn't like it they could sack me, so they did". This earned a laugh from the room, and Ayo couldn't help chuckling himself.

"That's pretty badass, dude. I wish I had the balls to tell my boss that," said Kevin, accepting his sip of the whiskey. It burned as it slid down his throat, but left a gorgeous aftertaste that bought him straight back to their nights together the summer before. They headed anti-clockwise, to Mark.

"Never have I ever... been in a fight?" he suggested timidly. Jamie, Tessa and Zoe drunk to this, and the latter even showed them a 'scar' from said battle that looked suspiciously like a birthmark. Then it was Tessa's turn. She hesitated before speaking.

"I... can't think of one", she stuttered.

"Come on Tessie, you always take ages to think of one" Zoe said impatiently.

"I know, I know..." Kevin could see the concentration on Tessa's face, as her mind went through the gears to find something to say.

"Sometime tonight would be good, Tessa," Jamie piped up.

"Never have I ever wet myself as an adult," she blurted out suddenly. This silenced the room for a few seconds. Zoe shot Tessa a look that Kevin couldn't decipher, and then cautiously, shyly, took a drink. Mark quickly raised his glass to his lips and sipped, as if he was hoping nobody would notice so long as he was fast. Jamie followed suit, blushing slightly.

"But I was really drunk and it was a really long walk," he said defensively. Kevin used the cover of Jamie speaking to take his due drink, trying to be subtle and avoid questions. Yes, he had done it. Wetting the bed surely counted, and he never liked to cheat at these games. It was no surprise to see Ayo's whiskey remain by his side. Kevin wasn't sure what had prompted Tessa to ask the question, but he suspected the glance Zoe had given her had something to do with it. Jamie was next up, and he seemed in a hurry to steer the conversation away from pee-related accidents.

"Never have I ever been kicked out of a nightclub," he said with a confident smile. Dammit, thought Kevin as he took his third sip of the alcohol. It was an ingenious play by Jamie- he knew the story from twelve months ago when the five alcohol-drinkers had gone out to a French club and been escorted off the premises after a disastrous night caused by far too much vodka. Jamie had stayed at the campsite and almost wet himself laughing when he eventually deciphered what had happened from their incoherent ramblings. Now, using this line in the game, he knew everyone would have to drink but him. Kevin envied his tactical nous.

After an hour the game was still going strong, and everyone except Jamie had gone through the whiskey far quicker than a well-behaved young person should. Kevin and Zoe were suffering particularly, while Mark had started slipping into his familiar habit of delivering alcohol-fuelled and passionate analysis of some of his favourite episodes of The Simpsons. Feeling his usually reliable control beginning to slide, Kevin excused himself from the party briefly and headed for his bedroom.

The corridor leading to each bed spun slightly as Kevin reached the room he recognised as his and entered. From his bag, which sat by a wooden dresser, he extracted a plastic mattress protector and held it up for inspection. In that moment, he forgot about the warmth of the evening so far and his problems came rushing back to him. He knew it was necessary to keep Jamie's bed clean- he couldn't risk his friends finding out about his issues, and if the mattress was covered it would be far easier to keep any nocturnal accidents quiet. But still, was he really about sleep on a plastic protector? It filled Kevin with shame and guilt as he stripped the bed and secured the new protector in place before replacing the rest of the neatly-made bedding. He worked quickly, like he had worked on his own freshly-peed bed on the morning Jamie had texted him that July, to make sure nobody came looking for him.

Once Kevin had snuck out of the room, feeling as though he'd pulled off some kind of espionage, he abruptly realised the toll all the whiskey had already taken on his bladder. It was inevitable that he would have to take a detour to the house's only bathroom before returning to the others. Just down the hall from the dormitories, the bathroom was a cramped but immaculately white ensemble with a separate bath and shower, sink and toilet. Mirror-doored closets decorated the walls, and a bath-mat was spread evenly across the tiled floor. Kevin locked the door and made a beeline for the toilet, into which he emptied his filling bladder. The extent of his tipsiness sunk in as he struggled to focus his eyes on one spot on the wall.

The pleasant relief of his much-needed pee was interrupted by two quick knocks on the door. By some miracle, Kevin managed to keep his stream from hitting the toilet seat as he was jolted out of his daze by the noise, which was followed by Zoe's sweet, strained voice. She spoke every word as if she was under a time limit to finish the sentence.

"Kevinifyoudon'thurryupI'mgoingtoweemyselfrighthere" she gasped. Kevin knew far better than to delay Zoe when she was desperate to use the loo, so he hastened to finish his business and unlock the door. The sight that greeted him wasn't unfamiliar to him but remained just as charming- Zoe stood with her thighs welded together and one hand jammed between her legs, unable to stand remotely still and wearing a distinctly panicked expression. As soon as he opened up she charged past him and yanked down her jeans to sit down without bothering to close the door behind her. Kevin felt his face flush at the sight of her relieving herself so openly, thighs close together, elbows on her knees.

Kevin only stared for a second- he couldn't help it- before he quickly averted his gaze out of politeness. But that short moment was all it took for almost every detail to be imprinted in his brain. This beautiful young woman- your friend, he had to remind himself- was sighing gently whilst she unloaded all that whiskey. It was all too easy for him to take in the tone of her legs, the scar above her left knee, the way her mouth dropped open ever so slightly as she peed. The noise of her stream hitting the water was utterly intoxicating. Her eyes had closed instinctively as the relief took over, and Kevin's embarrassment grew even deeper at the realisation that she'd been so bursting she simply hadn't cared about him seeing her go.

He closed the door to give Zoe some privacy and made his way back to the fireplace, resolving not to tell the others what he'd just seen. He figured Zoe could do without them knowing. He knew, and maybe that was all the embarrassment she needed for tonight.

The rest of the night grew blurred in Kevin's memory, and he recalled very little of it the next morning. That was when things started to spiral out of control.

*013*2020-07-01 01:01

Mark almost always had to piss when he woke up, it was true, but this morning it took him all of five seconds to realise that he was in far more trouble than usual- even by his standards, he was utterly desperate. The incredible pressure shook him wide awake within moments. His bladder ached like fire.

Mark knew instantly that this was the worst he'd ever had to go to the bathroom. How long have I been asleep for? Mark grabbed his phone and checked his clock, as he always did, but with an urgency like never before. 08:13. They'd gone to bed just before 1AM, and he'd definitely used the toilet before he slept. In those seven hours he'd somehow found himself trapped in the most ferocious potty emergency he'd ever experienced.

Instinctively, his hand snaked down and snatched at his crotch in that way that it only did when he had no other way to keep the flow back. He scrambled from beneath his sheets and stood on the bedroom floor, squirming hopelessly, trying to collect his clothes from their messy pile on the floor one-handed. There was no way he would be caught by the others in just those thin boxers, desperate or not. He couldn't have been going any quicker when he felt a warm spurt on his palm, which still held an iron grip on his crotch. Mark's eyes widened and he abandoned hope of getting his jeans on, resorting to throwing on a baggy t-shirt and bursting into the corridor.

Immediately he could see that the bathroom door was closed, but that wasn't a reality he was prepared to accept in a hurry. Mark rushed down the hall to the door, pulled the handle and felt his heart sink at the outcome. Locked.

"Sorry, just a minute," came a voice from inside. Ayo's voice. Mark groaned inwardly and responded with the only thing he could think of, his frantic state overriding his usual shyness.

"Ok man, please hurry," he said, before adding with a humiliated meekness, "it's an emergency". As he said this, Mark heard a bedroom door open behind him and turned to see who had arrived. What he saw left him completely stunned.

Tessa Rhodes stood in the hallway in nothing but her underwear, looking very much as if she had been praying nobody else would be out there to witness her. If it was possible, she looked to be in an even worse state than Mark; the tall woman was almost doubled over, bouncing on the spot with both hands grasping at her privates. It was clear to see that she was moments away from an accident, and perhaps had even less time than Mark that she was able to hold on. He couldn't see through her hands how Tessa's panties were faring, but they couldn't be far off getting stained. She looked mortified.

"Hi Mark... sorry I'm underdressed, I just really have to use the toilet," she told him, as if it wasn't obvious, "but you look like you're in the same boat?"

"You... could... say... that," he managed to say. "Don't worry about the clothes thing, it's nothing, I couldn't even get my jeans on". He might have found this fact funny at another time. Not now. Before she could reply, another door opened and Kevin rushed out. It took him a moment to realise the other two were there. He couldn't stand still either, and his face was creased with pure panic.

"You too?" he asked, obviously having an emergency himself. Kevin's question was met with a pair of hurried nods. Mark could feel himself getting closer and closer to flooding the floor, and turned back towards the bathroom.

"Ayo, dude, we've got three people out here who have to pee right now," he said irritably.

"I'm sorry! I'm trying to finish as fast as I can!" came Ayo's response. The commotion must have stirred everyone, because Zoe emerged from her room in a pair of blue cotton pyjamas that looked carelessly thrown on, with several shirt buttons undone. Her hair, messy and unkempt, was all over the place and there was definite fear in her eyes. If Mark hadn't been in such a tight spot himself, he might have noticed that something weird was happening, because the Australian girl also looked ready to pop. She'd always been more brash and unashamed about any and all of her toilet needs than anyone else in the group, but Mark didn't think there was even a tiny bit of exaggeration in the way she held crotch tightly or opened and closed her legs at lightning speed.

"Oh God, guys, I'm gonna wet myself. I'm gonna wet myself, oh no, oh God," she was breathing quickly. Even Mark felt sorry for the girl, despite being so close to an accident of his own. Kevin wasn't far behind. His hand was unmistakably squeezing his urethra shut at the tip through the front of his pants, and he looked completely past caring who knew about it. Mark's attention was drawn by a sharp intake of breath by Tessa. He looked to her and saw an expression he'd never expected to witness on her face.

"I just leaked a bit. I really just leaked, oh, it's happening, it's coming, oh God". She was bent over further than ever, totally unconcerned by modesty as she fought with everything she had to keep herself from losing her wee all over the carpet. Kevin swore under his breath. That was when Mark heard a hissing noise. He recognised it instantly. It didn't take long to locate the source.

"Guys, I'm sorry, I can't hold it-" Zoe was losing the battle with her bladder, trying even as she was failing to keep an enormous volume of liquid inside of her petite body. "I'm doing a wee, I can't stop it". Her legs were shaking softly as hot urine started to turn her sky-blue pyjamas indigo, and the wet patch spread rapidly around her crotch, too big a stain to be covered by her hands for long. The saturated patch began to flow down her thighs in rivulets, and it quickly soaked entirely through her bottoms. Slightly yellow fluid ran through the thin gaps between her fingers, rushed like a waterfall down her hands and off her body entirely, beginning to pool around the carpet. Zoe let out a sob once the dam had well and truly broken, but even in that noise Mark could hear the relief in her voice of being empty.

The sight of Zoe weeing herself had left the other three in the hall completely hypnotised, but as she started to finish up, the spell was unavoidably broken by their own desperation. Mark knew he was in the final stage before a complete accident like Zoe's, and he couldn't let that happen.

Wordlessly, sweat starting to form on his brow, Kevin turned back into his room and closed the door. Zoe looked down at her ruined pyjamas, pee still dripping off of the soaked fabric. She turned and retreated into her own bedroom after Kevin. And then there were two, thought Mark.

###

Kevin was totally out of options. He had ten seconds or maybe less before he lost all bladder control and made a huge mess in front of everyone. If Ayo emerged from the bathroom, that still left Kevin third in line. He didn't have that long. Without any alternatives left, Kevin turned to the only place he knew he could make it to in time. Hoping nobody would follow him, he slammed his bedroom door and staggered to the bed. There was no time to care about elegance, or manners, or what was wrong. There was only time to find a safe place to piss before his body started for him. Kevin grabbed the duvet with one hand and tossed it onto the floor of the room. He stripped his bottom half as a squirt of pee escaped his penis and landed lazily on the grey carpet, turning a small streak a slightly darker shade. Almost to seek permission from himself, his hand brushed the bed and felt the familiar crinkle of the plastic sheet.

I can't believe I'm about to do this, he thought.

Kevin kneeled on his old friend's bed and let go.

###

"I'm leaking again, Mark. Help me," begged Tessa. He could see that she was close to tears, and certainly close to going to the toilet on herself. In the morning sunlight through a window, he could see the slightest glisten on her fingers where she had, indeed, leaked.

All Mark could think to do was knock helplessly on the bathroom door again. "One more minute!" came Ayo's embarrassed reply. Mark and Tessa shared a look in which they both mutually, instantly understood that neither could afford to wait one minute. The usually mature woman's eyes were etched with the kind of panic that Mark knew indicated she was past caring about anything other than finding somewhere to pee. Ayo's ETA shocked her into action and she spoke with grim determination.

"Right- screw this- garden" she spluttered, and grabbed Mark's hand tight as she pushed past him. She must not have realised, Mark thought vaguely, that her skin was wet and warm with pee and he could feel it spread from her palm to his. If he'd been less desperate to go, he might've minded. The thing was, Mark felt like he would wet himself at any second and any plan was a welcome one to him. Garden certainly seemed the best option for either of them.

Tessa practically dragged Mark down the stairs and towards the back gate. At this point there were visible, if minute, streams of pee trickling down her legs. When they reached the door to the back garden, which was a slider, she was forced to unhook her left hand from Mark's and her right from her crotch. As she tried to yank the door open, a hot jet of clear piss squirted forcefully straight through her saturated underwear and sprayed the glass pane of the door. It looked like a spatter of rain on the window, except it was inside the house. The door wasn't budging.

"Mark, for God's sake help me with this, I'm weeing myself!" she cried. Mark suddenly jerked into action, and their collective strength got the door open far enough for the desperate duo to escape onto the dewey grass. If either had looked back they would have surely noticed the sizeable puddles that had been left on the tiled floor next to the door, but neither could care less at this point as relief beckoned so close.

As soon as she could, Tessa yanked down her underwear, squatted and began to water the grass with an incredible power. She was facing away from Mark, but the firehose blasting the ground of the garden was on full display for him as it shot out from the gap beneath her bare bum. She didn't just sigh in relief. She moaned in pure pleasure, unable to help herself even while the pee started to pool and puddle around her bare feet. Mark could even smell her wee, a sweet chlorinated scent that he associated with only the most desperate of toilet adventures.

Mark went to remove his boxers, fumbled, and it was over. As soon as he failed to get them around his ankles on the first attempt, the cotton white underwear was subjected to a full soaking, and within seconds they were practically transparent. Mark simply gave up. He let his bladder go, accepted defeat in the battle with his body to keep in the biggest and most powerful piss he'd ever needed in his life. It fell from the crotch of his underwear, the rims of his boxers, even straight from his urethra and to the grass around him, decidedly yellower than Tessa's. At least you made it outside, he told himself. And hey, you weren't the only one to wet themselves, Zoe did too. He had to admit, it felt heavenly to let it out.

Tessa did something she never did then: she swore out loud. But it wasn't an angry curse- it was an expression of bliss.

"That feels so much better. I can't believe we made it," she moaned, standing and pulling her panties back up to cover herself.

"I didn't," confessed Mark, and she whipped around to face him. He must have been quite a sight, standing there in boxers that were saturated to the point of being see-through, still pushing out the final few spurts of wee. To Tessa's enormous credit, she instantly understood what had happened and gave him a look of understanding and deep sympathy.

"Don't worry about it mate, at least it didn't get on the carpet. I'm not sure I technically made it either, to tell the truth. I think we both have some cleaning up to do."

Worry set in on Mark then, and it must've shown, because his friend stepped closer and wrapped him into a hug. She didn't seem to mind that the height difference meant his wee-coated midriff pushed against her thighs. It was nice.

"Now can we head in?" she said, "I'm freezing my arse off".

*016*2020-07-03 22:01

Seconds later, that was how Kevin found them- hugging on the lawn, everything from the waist down shimmering in the early morning sunlight, the neatly-cut grass now freshly watered.

Tessa broke off the embrace when she saw him appear in the glass doorway. She thought he looked suspiciously unfazed, still in the same clothes he had been in back in the corridor, which were bone dry. Ayo must have just about gotten out of the bathroom in time for Kevin to make it, she guessed. Even from a distance she could see that his face was definitely flushed, like he'd been running.

"What happened to you guys?" he called out, unable to look away from the dripping pair.

"I made it just fine," replied Mark, his voice lathered in sarcasm. His boxers were completely drenched and Tessa was sure Kevin could see through them just as she had. But the Boston boy didn't seem to notice, and shrugged off Mark's biting response. He looked at Tessa.

"How about you, Tess?" he asked.

"I... squatted on the grass," she said. She could feel her cheeks burning as she said it out loud. Had she really just flashed Mark her bum and had a wee in her friend's garden? Just saying it out loud now sounded ludicrous. She was an adult and she'd peed on the grass without hesitating.

But then her shame backed off somewhat as she remembered Zoe flooding her cute blue pyjamas in the hallway. That could have been me, she realised. At least Tessa had tried her best to make it, and she'd sort of found a place to go that wasn't going to stain anything. It wasn't her fault. Something weirder was going on- five people didn't all get desperate to pee at the same time by coincidence. That thought made Tessa feel sick.

"What happened up there?" she asked Kevin, who looked as though he didn't know what to say for a moment. After a pause, he spoke, as they started to head back inside.

"Well, Ayo is really embarrassed. He keeps apologising to Zoe, says he kept peeing for two minutes straight. She seems OK- you know Zoe, she's indestructible. We haven't seen Jamie yet, he must still be asleep".

"And what about you, Kev?" Mark shot back, looking suspiciously at his friend, "where did you pee? You looked just as bad as me and Tessa up there, but you're fine now".

Kevin looked away. "I went in the bathroom after Ayo," he said quietly, "I only just made it".

Mark didn't look satisfied with the explanation as he trotted up the stairs dressed in nothing but the now-less-than-PG underwear, but he dropped it. "Lucky git," he grumbled.

They reached the landing, and were met with a sorry sight. Ayo looked as though he wanted the ground to swallow him up. Zoe had just emerged from her room, wearing a clean set of pyjamas and carrying the soiled ones in a bundle in her arms. Tessa could smell the pee on them, even over the top of the not-dissimilar aroma coming from Mark and, partly, her own downstairs area. They smell different, she realised. Mark's pee smells so much lighter than Zoe's. Hers is stronger and... saltier. How am I even noticing that?

One at a time, the five told their stories. Each one started exactly the same- waking up overwhelmed by a desperate urge to piss- but all five had very different endings. Ayo had just about reached the toilet, Zoe had had a huge accident, Mark and Tessa had had their garden incident and Kevin relayed an increasingly unconvincing tale about a trip to the bathroom after Ayo that nobody had seen or heard.

"But this is weird. All five of us woke up at almost the exact same time, all about to wet ourselves. That's not normal," said Tessa.

"Are you sure?" Ayo asked sceptically. Scepticism was kind of Ayo's thing. Everything had a logical explanation to Ayo, thought Tessa. And he's usually right, dammit. "It could just be coincidence. We were all drunk last night, and maybe the sound of me going into the bathroom just woke you all up". Tessa could see Mark looking slightly swayed by this argument, but it was Zoe who spoke up. Even holding a bundle of clothes that she'd lost control into just a few minutes earlier, her confidence was already back.

"That still doesn't explain why we haven't seen Jamie. He should've been desperate too, he had as much cola as anyone" she said.

"Unless he wet the bed and slept right through it," offered Mark helpfully. Out of the corner of her eye, Tessa thought she saw Kevin flinch at the mention of that idea.

"The whiskey," Tessa blurted out. Wow. It was so obvious, she thought.

"What about it?" asked Kevin, clearly not grasping what she'd just realised.

"We need to talk to Jamie," she said, feeling slightly ill, and started to lead her friends into his bedroom.

"Can I put these in the washing machine first?" said Zoe.

###

Jamie's room was the flashiest in the entire house, the one he'd explained was usually occupied by his parents on every family holiday. The walls were creamy white, the carpets sandy. In one corner, by the bed, stood a huge and precious-looking potted plant that towered almost as tall as Zoe. The other side of the room housed a TV that was nearly as big as the one downstairs and a window ordained with closed golden curtains.

They huddled around the king-sized bed, Mark and Kevin at the foot, Zoe hunched over the centre, Ayo standing on the far side, arms crossed. Tessa was positioned by Jamie's head. The man himself was still soundly asleep, which wasn't unusual for him- he'd been a heavy sleeper as long as they'd known him. In a stage-whisper, Tessa ran them through the plan one more time.

"Zoe wakes him up and I'll find out what was in that whiskey. He won't be able to leave with us all here so hopefully he'll have to tell us the truth. Got it?" she got four silent nods for her trouble. Tessa gave the signal and Zoe grabbed Jamie's lower ankle, shaking him violently.

Jamie jerked awake as if he'd been shot. His eyes darted madly around the room, taking a few seconds to remember where he was and a few more to understand that all of his friends were gathered around his bed. He squirmed and straightened his head. They must have looked an absolute state to him- Tessa was wearing just a bra and damp knickers, Zoe in a different set of pyjamas to the one she'd gone to bed in, Mark still wore only soaking wet underwear. Just Ayo and Kevin had much decency left.

"Hey guys... what's going on?"

Tessa gave him a look that could kill. Her eyes were narrow and cold.

"Did you put something in that whiskey?" she demanded. Jamie's mouth fell open.

"What? No!" he said, in a voice still drowned in sleep.

"Really now? Because we're all feeling the effects this morning and you seem fine. You, the only one who didn't drink any of it," her voice was acid.

"Why would I spike your whiskey? What... what effects?"

Tessa started to soften, now feeling a different kind of unease. Either Jamie's confusion was genuine, or he was one hell of an actor. His bleary bewilderment felt authentic to her. She looked around the room.

"I think you know," she said, believing it less and less. If she'd been wrong- if she'd jumped to conclusions about her friend- she was going to look terrible.

"Tessa, I swear I don't have a clue what you're-" but Jamie didn't finish his sentence. Out of the blue, his eyes went wide; Tessa could see genuine terror in his gaze.

"What's up?" this was Zoe, who was studying his expression with concern, like a doctor examining a patient. The pure white covers were starting to shift, it looked as though Jamie's legs were moving about beneath them.

"Can you guys give me some privacy? We can talk about this later, it's just that-" he froze.

"Just what?" pushed Tessa, unsure if he was simply looking for an excuse to get them out of the room. She couldn't just let this go.

"I really have to, uh, use the bathroom," Jamie paused, "and I'm naked under here". Tessa knew for a fact that at least two people in the room would be more than happy to see Jamie get up and walk to the toilet in his birthday suit, but she certainly wasn't among them. Despite that, she knew that she had to keep pressing. But Jamie continued before she could respond, the sense of urgency in his voice growing like a snowball, "seriously, guys, I have to pee, like, right now."

Tessa stopped to think. Part of her still suspected that Jamie was behind their early morning emergencies, and wanted any excuse to get them out of the room. And yet there was another voice inside her that believed him. Looking up, she realised that every eye in the room was on her, waiting for instruction. Well, Tessie, I guess this was your plan, she thought bitterly.

But, not knowing how bad Jamie's situation was, she waited too long to make her decision. Before she could speak, her ears detected a steady noise coming from the centre of the bed, muffled by the sheets. It was close to silent, but the pin-drop atmosphere in the room meant everyone heard what was happening. They turned to Jamie, whose face was a pale mask of shock.

"Jamie, are you pissing the bed?" asked Zoe incredulously. Jamie tried to stammer out a response, but words seemed unable to form in his throat. His left arm, above the covers, shot down to his waist and grabbed what Tessa could only assume was a part of him she never wanted to see. It was evidently a last-ditch effort to stem the flow, but it didn't seem to be working.

"Can't... I can't stop it," he choked out, seemingly unable to believe what was happening. The only person in the room who was even slightly on their toes in the face of Jamie having a major toilet accident was Kevin.

"Jamie, the plant!" he urged, pointing to the potted plant in the corner of the room. Tessa could see Jamie's thought process, as he struggled with the fear of his friends seeing him naked against the fear of ruining his bed any more than he already had, and in front of the five of them.

"Oh God- okay- just look away, guys, please".

Ayo scrambled out of the way, but nobody averted their eyes as Jamie threw himself out of his bed and turned towards the plant. In his panic to get out of bed, he displaced the heavy duvet, which slid off and exposed a huge dark patch in the centre of the mattress where he'd been wetting himself for at least twenty seconds. Tessa could pinpoint the exact moment he'd lost what little bladder restraint he still had, because he started spraying pee mid-turn and left a clear trail about midway up the wall. Eventually, the naked young man managed to grab a hold of himself and aim the stream downwards, into the soil of the potted plant, letting out a groan of relief as the flow was finally released.

Even given the insane circumstances, not even Tessa could drag her eyes away as they got a side-on view of their nude friend pissing like Zoe's proverbial racehorse into an expensive Monstera plant. Although she still felt no sexual attraction to Jamie, there was still something spellbinding about the sight of a waterfall exploding out of his most private area- which she'd thought a few seconds ago she never wanted to see but now couldn't stop looking at- and soaking the soil below. With a glance to her right, Tessa confirmed that she wasn't the only one staring- only Ayo had managed to eventually look somewhere else, and he was now looking doggedly at the curtains.

Slowly, after a long while, Jamie's stream started to taper off. His eyes flickered open as the final trickles fell and he went bright red as the realisation hit that all of his friends had just seen not only his naked body, but him in the middle of one of his most private acts. One by one, each dropped their gaze, pretending that they hadn't been enjoying the show... at least on some level. He couldn't quite meet the eyes of any of his friends, but Tessa felt compelled to break the silence. All of them had been humiliated that morning, but this time she felt responsible.

"Well, guys, I guess it wasn't the whiskey," she said with a sigh.

*017*2020-07-04 00:06

Here's part 12, everyone! I really appreciate every bit of feedback we've had so far on this story.

Since this story started I've wanted to try some messing content. As that's not everyone's cup of tea, it would be in a bonus chapter that's clearly marked with a messing warning and wouldn't impact the story whatsoever, making it totally skippable for anyone who doesn't want to read. The chapter would likely focus on Zoe during a group day in Paris. Would anyone be interested?

Anyway, here's the chapter- enjoy!

###

They agreed on an order to use the shower before breakfast based on who needed it the most. Everyone was happy to let Jamie, who was butt naked and had pee spattered over half of his body, go first. Once their host had run his soiled sheets down to the laundry machine, where they joined Zoe's still-soaking pyjamas in the wash, he'd locked himself in the bathroom to get clean. The other five sat downstairs around the table in the kitchen, which Kevin had reasoned would be the easiest room to clean afterwards for those that were still wet.

Ayo, being the only one who had really made it to the toilet in time, was last in line for a shower. He was making tea and coffee for everyone as they sat around the table quietly, trying to absorb what had happened that morning. As the only person in the house who had been lucky enough to use the bathroom (nobody really believed Kevin's tale), Ayo felt that he should be the one to get conversation flowing again.

"So if it wasn't the whiskey, what was it?" he asked, and was met by a stumped silence.

"I still can't believe I weed in the garden," Tessa whispered, clearly too distracted to be listening.

"At least you didn't soak your PJ's," came Zoe's reply. At that moment they heard the bathroom door upstairs open and Jamie's voice called out that it was Mark's turn. He looked relieved as he headed up the stairs to finally get out of what was now a cold pair of wet boxers.

"It must have been just the amount we drank last night," said Ayo, who couldn't see any other explanation. He wasn't ready to let the topic be changed just yet, so he added "Nothing else makes sense. I must have woke you guys up by closing the bathroom door. Jamie didn't hear because he's a heavy sleeper".

"That doesn't explain why Jamie didn't need to... well, go... at first when we woke him up," Kevin pointed out. He seemed rattled by the events of the morning, which Ayo supposed was fair enough. They'd had an extremely weird half an hour. "I can't believe he peed in that plant in front of us".

"It wasn't his fault," Zoe interjected defensively. The others all shot her a quizzical look, and she perhaps realised she'd been too quick to snap. "I mean- we should have left him alone as soon as he asked".

Despite himself, Ayo smiled. "You seemed to like what you saw, my friend," he said smugly.

"It wasn't just me! Everyone was looking. It was hard not to, you know," she said.

After another minute, the door upstairs creaked open once again and Mark summoned a relieved Zoe, who'd been complaining loudly that her "thighs were all sticky" while they decided on the shower schedule. She skipped out of the room to wash up, leaving just three still in the kitchen. Ayo handed out a finished cup each of tea for Tessa and coffee for Kevin, before sitting down to sip on his own drink. He'd left three steaming mugs on the counter for the others when they returned.

Tessa had started to look a lot more self-conscious about her barebones attire as the adrenaline rush of the morning wore off, so Kevin and Ayo tried their to help her feel more comfortable by facing each other as they drank. There was a question on Ayo's mind that he couldn't wait to ask, so he spat it out.

"Kevin, what happened to you back there? We all know you didn't go in the bathroom like you said". The man's face burned and he started staring at his mug of coffee as if he was thinking he might find the meaning of life in there.

"It's no big deal. I used my bed," he mumbled, like he was wishing they hadn't asked.

"Your bed?", Tessa blurted, suddenly a key part of the conversation once again. And so Kevin told the two of them the whole story, starting with his first bedwetting many weeks ago and ending with him kneeling on Jamie's family's mattress and peeing into oblivion.

"I snuck the sheets into the wash along with the rest. But you can't tell Jamie, or Zoe. Please, guys. I don't mind Mark knowing, but not those two". Solemnly, Ayo and Tessa swore themselves to secrecy and offered Kevin their sympathies.

They were interrupted once again by the now-familiar sound of that bathroom door opening, and now it was Tessa's turn to go and get herself cleaned. But instead she addressed Kevin, who looked close to tears.

"You can go first, Kev. I don't feel that unclean and I'm not even cold," she said kindly.

"You sure?" he asked. Tessa reassured him that she was, and he left to take her place in the shower. But Ayo suspected there was another reason she'd let their friend go before her, and he was fairly sure he knew what it was. Pre-empting her inevitable question, he told her the truth. It was only really then that he fully acknowledged that Tessa Rhodes was the single person in the group he trusted the most.

"Tessa, I was in that bathroom way too long," he told her, "I feel responsible for what happened".

"Well, you shouldn't," she told him curtly, "it wasn't your fault. Even if you'd been out one minute faster there still would have been three people who didn't make it- including me," she added, "since I was second in line after Mark". Ayo knew this was at least partly true, and it did make him feel a little better, but he still wondered if there'd be more pairs of dry underwear about the house if he'd hurried. There was just so much pee, he thought. Ayo could remember it all so clearly- he'd woken up, rushed urgently to the bathroom and urinated for a full two minutes. He'd emerged to an empty corridor when he'd only just been told there were four of them, and immediately been consumed by an immense guilt.

Jamie trotted downstairs in clean clothes, visibly mortified. He looked Ayo and Tessa in the eyes one by one, and spoke in a flat voice.

"I'd prefer it if we never talked about this morning ever again," he said, lacking all of the charm and charisma they'd come to expect from him. Tessa stood up.

"I'm sorry I accused you of spiking our drinks," Tessa said hurriedly.

"Yeah, well, you should be," he replied in a gruff tone. Jamie paused. "Although, I get it. I can kinda see why you assumed that".

"I was still wrong. I just panicked. I mean, I haven't been that busting for a wee in years," she told them. They were joined then by Mark, who seemed far happier in dry clothes, his hair still wet and messy.

"You won't need to water that plant for a while, Jamie my boy," said Mark cheerily. Jamie's cheeks flushed again as Ayo offered Mark his usual cup of tea- one sugar, no milk.

"Shut up, Mark," Jamie replied, "I've heard enough out of you today- seen more than enough, I should say". This time it was Mark's turn to look mortified- he was more than aware that everyone had seen pretty much everything through those boxers and didn't need reminding of it.

"Let's not bicker, guys". This was Tessa interjecting, now back to looking like she wished she'd been wearing more, "We've all had a rough morning, and nobody needs to be teased or mocked. We're all better than that, we're adults".

A delighted Australian accent floated into the room from the first floor.

"Oh, Jamie, I just don't think you look as good with that sweet booty covered up anymore". Tessa groaned- so much for adults. Zoe had chosen that moment to waltz down the stairs, cackling to herself. Unsurprisingly, she seemed to already be totally over her accident. Ayo hadn't expected anything else from a woman who regularly announced that she'd leaked after laughing hard. Jamie's face was a mixture of humiliation and flattery. Ayo could tell that his friend didn't mind Zoe complimenting his bottom, even in jest.

For the penultimate time that morning, the bathroom door opened. Tessa stood up, appearing eager to shower and change. Ayo didn't make a habit out of thinking about his friend's underwear, but he could imagine that the dampness on Tessa's panties where she hadn't quite reached the garden in time was more than uncomfortably cold by now. She reached the foot of the steps, turned, and spoke to Jamie.

"I want you to decide what we're doing today by the time I get out of the shower, mate. We all need something to take our minds off of this morning".

And with that, she jogged up the stairs and out of sight.

*019*2020-07-05 00:59

We're well into the second half of the story now and back with a POV character we haven't used in a while! I'm trying to give each of them a roughly equal amount of time in the spotlight. I was pretty shocked to realise I haven't focused on Zoe since her first chapter seeing as she's done so much (this doesn't include any messing though). Hope you enjoy!

###

For a group of people who'd already done just about every tourist-y thing Paris had to offer, the six friends still managed to have a blast during their first day back in the city. They paraded around the town, taking turns to take the lead at any given moment, dragging each other to their favourite spots that had lived long in the memory for the year. Within a few hours they'd gone up the Eiffel Tower, round the Notre-Dame and under the Arc de Triomphe.

Mark had persuaded them to follow him into an art museum after lunch at a lovely café Ayo remembered. Speaking of Ayo, Zoe thought that he'd seemed slightly distracted all day- he appeared to be the only one who hadn't been able to forget about the morning's events, which she thought was odd seeing as he'd got the best end of the bargain. Nonetheless, it was a glorious day, and the clock had already hit six by the time they got off the train back and headed to Jamie's house to get ready for a night at one of his favourite local restaurants.

Zoe's feet were already sore by the time she got to her room and started picking out restaurant clothes. She had a ritual before nights like these- throw on some music on her phone, search through every available item of clothing until she'd decided the perfect outfit and lay it all out on the bed while she got ready. Tonight a purple dress was in order, over black underwear that she usually found more comfortable than her lighter sets. Once everything was neatly set out over her duvet, Zoe grabbed a towel and headed to the bathroom down the hall to shower away the sweat she'd worked up in the Parisian heat.

The shower water was heavenly on her bare skin. Zoe had always loved showering, but the longer the day, the better the shower felt for her. She let the hot water flow through her brown hair, over her back, down her thighs. As was often the case, the warmth of the liquid alerted her of a vague need to pee, so she obeyed without hesitation. Peeing in the shower was Zoe's guilty pleasure; she couldn't remember a time when she hadn't loved the feeling of emptying her bladder while the water rushed around her. It was, in some abstract and naughty way, like she was just adding to the waterfall, offering her own little contribution to the river that flowed around her feet and gurgled down the drain. And it was so much easier than getting out just to sit on the toilet for thirty seconds. Zoe would have been lying if she'd said that she didn't sometimes save her morning wee for the shower, but if asked she would have hotly replied that it was a time-saving measure.

Once she felt finished, Zoe, lifted by the satisfying pleasure of an empty bladder, reluctantly turned off the shower and stepped into her towel. Brushing wet hair out of her eyes, she cracked the door open to check the corridor for people before slipping back into her room with the pink fabric just about concealing her breasts. By the time she was dried, dressed and made up, it was quarter to seven and time to meet downstairs and head to the restaurant. Everyone except Jamie had made an obvious effort to look smart for the occasion, which at least meant that Zoe didn't feel overdressed in her purple get-up. Luckily it was a fairly warm evening, so the five-minute walk didn't leave her arms or ankles too cold.

The eatery itself couldn't have been much fancier by the standards of six young adults ranging from barely comfortable to basically broke. Although it was tiny, everything looked expensive and spotlessly clean, and the waiter- dressed in a perfectly-ironed shirt and bow tie- showed the group to a round table at the back of the room which seated them all comfortably. Zoe felt strange, sitting in a place like this. It wasn't her world at all.

What she knew best were cheap but comfortable restaurants, with waiters who were friendly, but in a way that made it clear that they'd rather be anywhere else. Having her five friends with her made things easier, though; Tessa and Ayo slotted right into a setting like this as if they lived in a castle, even though Zoe knew both had come from poor families. They ordered from a menu of things she couldn't pronounce and started up conversation. Ayo still came across as distracted- clearly, there was something on his mind. Zoe didn't want to let him know how easily she'd spotted his uneasiness, so she didn't bring it up.

In the event, the food was good, even if Zoe still thought it was a little pretentious. She'd gone for something she knew wouldn't upset her stomach, but which still looked sophisticated and adult. The conversation started to spark up once again when their food was finished and the severe-looking waiter started to clear their plates. Tessa excused herself to use the bathroom (to "wash her hands", she'd explained unconvincingly), which was a single-room non-gendered affair. Zoe supposed that made sense for a restaurant that only held around sixty people.

"So, what are we doing tomorrow?" asked Mark. All eyes went straight to Jamie, who, as host, had become the de facto captain of the group. The long-haired man spread his hands in front of him, as if to say, anything we like.

"I was thinking we could try the cinema," he said, "there's a great shopping centre- sorry Kevin, mall- near the Louvre that has pretty much everything inside. There's a swimming pool, too- we could check it out?"

"OK, sounds good," teased Zoe, "but I get to pick the film... after last time".

"There was nothing wrong with The Lion King," said Kevin defensively. He'd been allowed to pick the movie on the first and only time the six had gone to the cinema together the previous summer.

"There was a lot wrong with The Lion King," Mark growled, outrage in his throat, "firstly: why? What's the-"

But the early embers of Mark's animated rant were cut short by Tessa's premature return from her bathroom break. "That was fast," Zoe commented, immediately wondering why she'd said anything. Tessa looked down at the table.

"It's closed," she said, "out of order."

"Seriously?" said Jamie, incredulous, "one bathroom in this whole place and it's closed down?"

Tessa simply nodded in response.

"Which kind of sucks," she added eventually, "because I haven't peed since what happened this morning and it's been, what, twelve hours?"

Ayo swore then. It came out of nowhere, and five faces snapped around as one to look at Ayo in sheer amazement, because Ayo Shehu never swore. He must have realised quickly what he'd done, but he seemed unable to take it back, eyes wide behind his glasses. It was one of the first things he'd said throughout the whole meal. Nine more words followed the four-letter one.

"We need to get out of this restaurant, now," he said quickly.

"Dude, what the hell are you talking about? You alright?"

"It wasn't the whiskey, Kevin. It was the box. It was the box you found that we all tried to open".

Kevin's mouth dropped open immediately, and Zoe heard a gasp from Tessa, but the others weren't getting it. Ayo sensed their confusion and continued.

"We each touched that box within seconds of each other, and twelve hours later, a quarter after eight, what happened... happened, all within seconds of each other. It's not a coincidence".

"I touched it later than you, when I got back with the wood," this was Jamie, nodding as if he didn't want to believe it but did.

"There was a number on that box..." Mark whispered, his face pale.

"The number twelve. It wasn't some meaningless marking," Ayo turned to Zoe, who was just to his left, "Tessa, what's the time?"

Slowly, not sure what she wanted to see, Tessa slipped her phone out of her pocket, held it up to the group and flicked it on. The numbers couldn't have been clearer.

20:11

"We need to go," Zoe choked. This was insane, this was impossible.

"Hang on, guys, hang on," Kevin said, trying to sound calm, "even if Ayo's right- what's to say it wasn't a one-time thing? Why are we so sure it's going to happen again?"

"Dude, we're in the middle of an expensive restaurant with an out-of-order bathroom," Mark snapped back, "Do you really want to take that risk?". Kevin seemed to see his point.

Tessa stood up. Zoe thought there was a beauty to her even now, when she was clearly panicking, and her voice carried more authority than any other.

"OK, if Ayo's predicted correctly, Jamie has ten minutes longer than we do to get to the house," she turned to their host, "can you pay while we get back and meet us there? We'll pay you back later, mate". Jamie reluctantly agreed and the other five rushed to collect their things.

They must have looked like quite a sight, five young English-speaking foreigners stumbling out of a high-end Parisian establishment just moments after finishing the main course, but nobody's mind was on their appearance as they filtered through the door and onto the street, starting the hustling march back to Jamie's house.

Zoe had barely left the building when she first felt it. A twang in her bladder, rapidly growing, feeling more than similar to the one that she'd experienced that morning. On that occasion she'd soaked her favourite pyjamas, but she couldn't afford to lose control tonight- she just couldn't. Not in this dress. And yet already she knew that Ayo had been correct. She certainly had to get to a toilet quickly, because she needed to pee. There was no denying it. Her mind flashed back to the day this had started for her, with Jamie's text as she emptied her bursting bladder into a lecture-hall toilet. Those thoughts were interrupted by the sound of someone whispering her name.

"Zoe," came Tessa's hushed voice. Zoe looked behind her to see Tessa hanging just a little back from the group. Instinctively, the Australian girl dropped back to fall in line with her English friend and put a comforting arm around her shoulder.

"What's up?" she asked, fairly sure she knew the answer already. Tessa's response was short, simple and terrifying.

"It's starting. I can feel it," Tessa whispered, and as they passed under a streetlamp Zoe got a brief glimpse of the anguish on Tessa's face. "What do we do, Zoe?"

Zoe didn't know how to answer. Her urge to pee was already nearing the point of desperation now- within moments it would be a full-blown emergency. Finally, she found her voice and gave the only answer she could think of. She wanted more than anything to sound reassuring, but Zoe couldn't see a way out of this. Deep down she knew it- not everyone's underwear was going to survive this trip. But she put on a brave face.

"We walk, Tessie. And we pray for a miracle".

*022*2020-07-05 10:36

{{8 hours ago, Bismiris said:

I don't know if I've commended your writing before, but you've got to be one of the best writers to have ever posted on this site. No competition at all, you're easily at the top of my list.

}}

Wow, that's high praise! Thank you so much, I can only hope that I get better with experience!

*024*2020-07-06 00:06

Here's the next chapter- thanks to whomever on the moderating team added tags to the topic (I'll try not to forget next time!). This chapter jumps from character to character a fair bit so hopefully it's easy to follow.

###

They'd only left the restaurant a minute ago, but already Ayo's fears had been confirmed. He knew well the sensation that was currently bubbling up inside of him- it was the same as the one that he'd experienced that morning, when he'd barely avoided a catastrophic accident. If he hadn't been so closed-minded he would surely have realised then that this wasn't a natural bladder function to go through. Something far stranger- and darker- was at play.

The three men were walking in something resembling a line, shoulder to shoulder, up the hill that led back to Jamie's house. None of them seemed able or willing to look each other in the eye, but each must have suspected that they were in similar situations. The wine from the restaurant wasn't helping one bit, even if it was only enough to make walking straight just a bit more challenging than usual. Ayo glanced behind him and realised that two of the group had fallen behind- Zoe, in her flowing purple outfit, had an arm around Tessa. One look at their faces told him that they were already struggling just like him. Although Ayo had never been one for patronising chivalry, and he knew that both women could more than look after themselves, leaving them behind on a dark city street felt wrong to him, so he dropped back to join the pair.

"You're feeling it too, right?" asked Zoe. She looked more serious than Ayo had ever seen her, a stony-faced expression painting over what would usually be a cheeky grin. Ayo just nodded in response. His lips felt remarkably dry. Zoe groaned loudly. "This is screwed up, dude. If this house is haunted or something..."

"We can't think about that right now," Ayo said curtly, and he could see that she knew he was right- they only had one priority right now, and it wasn't solving mysteries. He peered over at Tessa, who'd been silent thus far. It may have been the shine of the full moon playing tricks on his eyes, but Ayo thought she looked like she'd seen a ghost. He'd often felt, when the lighting was just right, that she didn't look a million miles away from his mother when he was a child.

One evening, his mother had returned home from work to find a ten-year-old Ayo happily playing with a cheap electric radio in their bath. If he had dropped it into the water, perhaps he would have been hurt. But Ayo hadn't thought about that until he saw his mother in the bathroom doorway looking a few pulses short of a heart attack. That was the feeling he got from Tessa's face tonight- she looked for all the world as if she was too scared to talk, lips squeezed tightly shut, eyes focused. He let her be, and focused on getting the route back right.

It was only then that he realised that Mark and Kevin were gone.

###

"Man, we're so lost".

"We're not lost, dude, I promise this will get us there quicker. Jamie told me about it yesterday," said Kevin, exasperated. His bladder sagged with the weight of a fish tank as they dragged themselves up the path towards some faraway notion of relief. It was a narrow, overgrown passage, with tree roots invading the dusty earth beneath their feet and leaves reaching out just enough to tickle their arms as the two men pushed through. In an optimistic attempt to distract himself, he whipped out his mobile and hammered out a quick message to Tessa. Kevin chose her because he knew she had her phone on- she'd shown them the time on it just moments earlier.

Me and Mark trying shortcut. Meet u there. Good luck x

Grimly, he tucked his phone back into his tight pocket and pushed on through the night. The situation was already pretty desperate. Making it back home was a long way from a guarantee, such was the urgency with which his bladder was now throbbing. That strange feeling was setting in of the pee beginning to head... well, downwards. He needed to know if Mark was feeling the same.

"Mark, I really hope you're holding up better than me," he said. There was silence for a second, then he heard his friend sigh.

"I wish I could say I was, buddy. I haven't had to piss this friggin' bad since..." he trailed off.

"This morning?" Kevin offered helpfully.

"Well, yeah," Mark allowed, "but before that, not for a long time".

At a guess, Kevin would say they were at least three more minutes from the house. Talking was the only distraction available, but the only thing he could think to talk about was how much he had to get to the toilet soon. Luckily, Mark voiced his thoughts for him so he didn't have to.

"Honestly, Kev, if you weren't here I'd be grabbing myself and everything to keep it in right now," he said in a wavering voice, "it's seriously bad already".

"Dude, don't hold back on my account. Do what you gotta do, I'm not judging here".

"You sure?"

"My friend, if it helps you hold it, do it. You have my permission".

Those words were like music to Mark's ears. Trying to be subtle, he reached down and gave the front of his crotch a quick, reassuring squeeze, trying to relieve the pressure. His ears were burning with shame, but Kevin's permission to hold himself had made it much easier to accept. Although Kevin was walking in front of him, he could see that the other man also needed some help from his hands. Mark watched as Kevin's left hand slipped into his jean pocket, and he could only assume that his friend was clamping his urethra shut as he'd seen him do in the hallway that morning. It can't be normal to see your close friend squeezing his pecker shut twice in one day, Mark thought to himself, but he was in no position to judge.

At this point Kevin was trying to walk while squirming, and keeping his legs shut as tight as possible, which made for some painfully slow progress. He heard a moan from behind him and whipped around, concerned. Mark was doubled over in the middle of the pathway, now holding himself openly, seemingly hit by a particularly intense wave of desperation. He looked up at Kevin slowly, eyes close to tearing up, and spoke with an almost childlike fear in his voice.

"Kev, I need a wee so bad". He couldn't stand still, sweat beading on his forehead. Were Kevin's eyes fooling him or was Mark's bladder starting to bulge somewhat?

But he felt as bad as Mark looked. He was still holding his penis shut through his pocket, but that didn't feel like it was doing enough to help. The two young men could see enough from a glance at each other to confirm what they both knew. This was more than a situation. It was a full blown potty emergency.

As his bladder began to ache, Kevin knew deep down that neither of them were going to make it.
