Helen: The Lady on the Plane

Author: NotDusty

*000*2017-07-13 20:06

This story is very strongly inspired by an experience I had on a flight coming back home from holiday about a week ago. Just after I had sat down, a couple - we'll call them Helen and John as I don't know what their real names were - came and sat down in the row in front of me.

Helen was probably around 40 and looked even younger. She was tall and slim, with a nice perky bum and a large bust. She was dressed for the warm weather and wore a loose, coral coloured blouse and thin, slim fitting, white linen trousers that hugged her ample hips perfectly. At first, I didn't take all that much notice of her, but as the flight went on I was unable to pay attention to much else.

Here is the story as I imagine it from her perspective, hope you enjoy ?

_____

Helen sat down in the middle seat of row 29, her husband, John, to her left in the aisle seat. She had had a splitting headache since around 4 o'clock, and the late departure of the flight back to London Heathrow hadn't helped. There was a three and a half-hour flight ahead, and she wanted to get home.

"John, I've still got that headache, do you have any more painkillers I could take?" Helen groaned, rubbing her temple with two fingers.

"Yeah sure, but I don't have any water for you to take them with, we'll have to get a bottle after take-off" John replied.

Helen sighed, sat back, and waited while the rest of the passengers took to their seats. In contrast to the delayed departure, the plane taxied to the runway promptly and they were in the air before too long. The pilot turned the seatbelt warning light out, and the cabin crew were soon coming around with refreshments.

Helen bought a large, litre bottle of water, keen to rehydrate herself as well as take the painkillers, to stave off the headache until she got home. She knocked back the painkillers and began to drink the litre of water in fast little sips, as quickly as she could manage.

She chatted with John for a while about how the delay would affect their taxi ride home, and she hoped she wouldn't get to bed too late. By the time Helen had finished the bottle of water the painkillers were beginning to make her feel drowsy. About an hour into the flight, she fell fast asleep.

###

Helen awoke two hours later to John nudging her on the arm, "Helen, wake up, you won't sleep tonight if you sleep through the whole flight" he joked. Helen came slowly round and soon realised that she'd made a mistake with the bottle of water two hours earlier.

"Ooh god, how long till we land? I really need the loo" she whispered.

"Well, we've been in the air for about 3 hours, so I'd guess we have at least another half an hour" John estimated.

"God, really? I hate plane loos, but there's no way I can wait that long. Why did you let me drink all that water?" She laughed, through gritted teeth.

Reluctantly, Helen stood up and walked to the back of the plane. Unfortunately, as it was towards the end of the flight, there was a small queue for the toilet, with three women in front of Helen, presumably in a similar, if not quite so serious situation. As she had stood up, Helen had begun to realise the magnitude of her predicament. She had had a litre of water two hours ago, and had been drinking steadily prior to the flight, to reduce the severity of her headache. She hadn't been to the loo in almost four hours and had drunk probably two litres or more since then. Her bladder really was very full indeed.

Helen didn't want anybody else to be aware of her situation, but being as full as she was, she couldn't help but step very slowly from foot to foot whilst bending slightly at the waist.

One woman exited the toilet and another entered. Five minutes went by and Helen was beginning to get worried. Her situation was getting worse, and despite her embarrassment, she couldn't help but firmly cross her legs and place a hand gently between her thighs. "God" she thought "Hurry up!"

Another woman exited the toilet and another entered. Crossing her legs and holding herself was helping Helen to control her urge to pee. Another five minutes passed. Now there was only one lady between her and the relief she so desperately needed. Despite her struggle, she thought she was going to make it.

*BING*

"Ladies and Gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. We will soon be landing at London Heathrow airport. For your safety and comfort, please return to your seats and fasten your seat belts until the Fasten Seat Belt sign is switched off. We hope you have had a pleasant flight and hope to see you again soon."

"Oh fuck, no!" Helen thought. She toyed with the idea of remaining in the queue, as it was only her and one other woman, and by now she was getting very worried about her chances of making it if she did not release the torrent of pee inside her very soon. Just then a hostess appeared from the galley kitchen at the back of the plane, and dashed those hopes entirely. "My apologies ladies, but may I ask you both to return to your seats and fasten your seat belts as we will soon be landing".

Helen groaned, turned, and walked back to her seat.

"Relieved?" said John.

"No, there was a queue, so I didn't get to go. I'm not sure I'm going to make it John, I'm absolutely bursting for the loo" came Helen's strained reply.

"Don't worry, I'm sure we'll be on the ground soon" he reassured her.

"I hope so" she said, not putting too much faith in his words.

As Helen sat down, the last woman who had gone into the toilet walked past and sat down in her seat, a few rows in front of Helen and John. Helen eyed her relaxed gait with considerable envy, and felt a pulse from her bladder as the plane hit turbulence and jolted. She did not have long.

She fastened her seatbelt and settled into her seat as best she could. The plane turned down and to the left, descending slowly in a wide loop over outer South West London.

Ten minutes later Helen was practically crawling up the wall in desperation. She had her legs tightly crossed, with both hands pressed firmly between her thighs. She was trying with all her might to contain the litres of pee that her bladder alone was struggling to contain. Meanwhile the plane had made little progress towards the ground. This time of the week the airport was very busy, with holidaymakers returning home, ready for the working week ahead.

Another five minutes went by and by now Helen was softly pumping her leg up and down and shifting around in her seat noticeably, trying anything she could to control herself. She was now past caring what anyone else thought, even though the person in the window seat to right of her must now clearly be able to see what her predicament was, and quite how serious it had gotten.

The plane continued its slow descent, and after another ten minutes or so they were approaching the runway. As they touched down, Helen's seatbelt dug into her bladder, and the vibrations from the runway caused Helen to gasp suddenly, as a small spurt of pee escaped into her knickers.

This was especially bad news for Helen because today she had worn a very thin pair of knickers that would not absorb any further accidents. On top of this, the white linen trousers that had served her so well in the Mediterranean heat would clearly show up even the tiniest of leaks. She needed to get to a toilet and she needed to get to one now.

The journey from runway to gate was mercifully short, and the seat belt warning signs were soon turned off. As the plane pulled up to the gate, John stood up and passed Helen her bag from the overhead locker, before retrieving his own.

"Not long now" he said reassuringly, as she sat silently in concentration.

"God, I hope so" came Helen's whispered reply.

Five or so minutes passed as the executive and business class passengers disembarked through the only exit at the front of the plane. Helen remained seated, keen for as few people as possible to see how desperate to pee she was. She had put on enough of a show earlier in the queue.

Finally, the rest of the passengers could disembark, but progress was torturously slow. Many passengers were still retrieving bags, and seemingly in no rush, much to Helen's dismay. She eventually entered the aisle, allowing John to go first. She tried manfully to walk normally, but by now she had been holding upwards of two litres of pee for nearly five hours. She was bent slightly at the waist and couldn't help but hold herself between her legs as she walked.

They exited the plane and began the long walk to passport control. Helen tried to walk purposefully towards the relief she so craved, but each step jogged her tired bladder so terribly that she was forced to make slow progress. A fellow passenger brushed past her to get ahead onto the travellator, and the jolt caused Helen to bend double in an effort to contain another spurt. She was going to wet herself any minute.

She hobbled off the end of the travellator and around a corner, there it was. The relief Helen had been in dire need of for over an hour now. The toilet was just the other side of the electronic passport control gates.

Helen followed John to the nearest gate where they joined the back of a short queue. She was still bent over, hand firmly between her legs. She wiggled her firm bottom around and pee danced for all she was worth, giving the people in the queue behind her quite the show. At one point her posture, her bouncing and her loose-fitting top combined to give the security guard the other side of the gate an eyeful of her ample breasts. But she didn't care, she was so very close; both to relief, and to wetting herself.

The queue dwindled gradually as people passed through the electronic passport gate. Many people seemed unfamiliar with the relatively new - fangled system, and seemed to dither a lot as a result. This was utter torture for poor Helen’s bladder which felt as if it was about to burst any moment. Helen shook constantly with the effort to hold back the tide. "Fuck, I hope I can make it" she stammered under her breath.

Soon, it was John's turn to pass through the gate. He fumbled getting his passport out of his pocket, but soon placed it on the reader and after a short thinking time the system let him through the first part of the gate. The second part of the gate required him to stand still and straight upright as the camera analysed his facial features. After another few seconds, the camera recognised his face and let him through. He put his case down just outside the toilet and hurried in.

Helen had her passport ready, and having let the machine scan it, was quickly through to the second part of the system. She was still bent over slightly and despite her best efforts, could not quite stand still long enough for the camera to recognise her face.

"Madam, please stand still and upright so the camera can correctly analyse your facial features" came the call of the airport staff member behind her. "Please step back through the gate, place your passport on the machine and try again. If the camera can't read your face you'll have to join the manual check queue."

Helen turned to look at the queue that she would have to join. It was by now at least a hundred people long, and seemed to not be moving at all. Her bladder pulsed suddenly, more strongly this time, and it took all Helen's strength not to wet herself completely on the spot.

"Imagine!" she thought. "A grown woman like me peeing myself in front of all these people. No, it can't happen."

She steeled herself for what would almost certainly be her last chance at getting to the toilet in time. She placed her passport on the reader and after a long few seconds the first gate open. She stepped through and her bladder pulsed hard again. She whimpered and shoved a hand firmly into her crotch as this time a strong spurt escaped. Helen was sure it was serious enough to have been visible through her paper-thin linen trousers.

"God" she thought, "this is mortifying, I'm so close!"

By now the passengers behind her in the queue had begun to take notice of her obvious predicament. She could hear them laughing at her as she wiggled around desperately in front of them, her white linen trousers doing nothing to disguise the small wet spot now slowly spreading from her crotch.

She winced and began to straighten up. She left one hand in her crotch and summoned up all her willpower to stop wiggling desperately. She turned slightly to face the camera and relaxed her face as much as she could. The camera 'thought' for what seemed like an eternity, but just as Helen was about to lose control for what would surely have been the final time, a green tick appeared on the screen in front of her and the second gate opened.

Helen couldn't believe it, she hobbled as fast as she could manage through the gate and towards the toilets that were no more than 10 metres away. She walked with one hand in her crotch and was permanently bent double trying to hold on for a few more precious seconds.

Another small spurt escaped, and soaked her knickers. Helen could feel the pee beginning to run down her trouser legs. She flung her bag down next to John's and hurried into the ladies.

Her heart sank as she rounded the corner and saw a queue of four other women.

"Please no, I can't manage this!" She thought. "Not having come this far!"

Just then a cubicle opened.

"Please, can I go first? I'm about to wet myself!" Helen begged the lady at the front of the queue. Seeing Helen's obvious predicament, the woman agreed and Helen hobbled into the cubicle.

She slammed the cubicle door and fumbled with the lock. She tore her trousers down. She didn't have time to take her knickers down because as soon as she bent to remove her trousers her bladder exploded with tremendous force. The torrent of pee shot out of Helen as she sat down on the toilet with a bump and let out a loud, protracted moan of relief that would have been audible to all the other ladies in the toilet.

After what must have been a couple of minutes her stream eventually slowed and stopped. She cleaned herself up and inspected the damage to her knickers and trousers. Her knickers were totally soaked - partly from the leaks over the last hour, but mostly from the torrent that she had let loose over the last couple of minutes. She disposed of them in the bin.

Her trousers too were in a bad state. The crotch was now almost completely see through, and a translucent patch ran all the way up her bottom almost to the waistband. The inner thighs of her trousers were also streaked with pee. She dried them off as best she could and pulled them up around her broad hips. The still damp material felt awfully cold against her skin, but she had no alternative.

She cleaned the floor around the toilet from where she had lost control, took a deep breath and left the cubicle. She washed her hands, made sure her hair was OK in the mirror and returned outside the toilets to a waiting John.

"Everything ok?" he inquired innocently.

"Just about!" laughed Helen. "But don't you ever let me fall asleep on a plane again!"

###

The remainder of Helen and John’s journey home by taxi passed relatively uneventfully, but by the time the taxi pulled up to their house, Helen was squirming in her seat once more. She hurried inside, rushed upstairs to the bathroom, and released another torrent from her exhausted bladder.

Helen thanked her lucky stars that she had not wet herself, as she had so nearly done multiple times that day. She also vowed to watch her fluid intake whenever she travelled long – distance in future, as she didn’t fancy her chances of success if she ever had to face such an ordeal again.

_____

Thanks for reading ?

*005*2017-07-16 10:06

Hey guys, thanks for the positive responses so far.

I was just wondering whether any of you would be interested in reading any sequels to this story. I don't mean in a direct sense (i.e. Helen goes on another plane ride and gets desperate again) but just in the sense that I've been thinking it would be interesting to put Helen in other desperate situations. So we could have "Helen: A Desperate Day at the Office" or "Helen: A Desperate Shopping Trip" or other everyday situations along those lines.

I'll probably write them either way, but if anyone would like to register their interest or even suggest some scenarios that Helen could be written into, I'd be interested to hear your thoughts.

Thanks :)

$

