An Ocean Inside Her (Kantai Collection)

Author: NotACat

*000*2020-05-24 03:40

So I've lurked for a while and decided to share something I wrote, loosely based on a picture.

If you have suggestions for things you'd like to see more of, things you'd like to see less of, or just other ideas to write please let me know.

On a remote stretch of the western Pacific Ocean a cruiser looked up into a perfectly, annoyingly, clear blue sky. “Not even any scout planes. Hey, Myoko is this really where they said we were supposed to go?”

“Give it time, we've only been here for an hour.” her sister ship and their flotilla's flagship replied. “Even if they were just testing our reactions, we can't leave until we're sure that nothing bigger is coming.”

“If anything big came we'd just end up running back home,” Ashigara muttered “How much longer do they want us to stay to figure that out anyway?”

“As long as it takes the destroyers to run their search pattern, assuming they don't find anything. Just try to enjoy the weather, at least we aren't on one of the northern routes.”

“Abyssal patrol spotted, changing course to pursue!” Akebono, the first of their destroyer escorts called out.

“Finally! Let's go, let's go, we can't let them escape after all!” As her turbines howled and her screws churned the sea behind her a grin spread across Ashigara’s face. A sortie without a good fight was just wasted time; how kind of the abyss to finally deliver one.

“Ashigara, don't run ahead of the destroyers!” Myoko yelled after her overeager sister, to little effect.

This was what she truly lived for. The wind in her hair, the spray over her bow as she chased down the enemy was the sort of thrill that couldn't be found anywhere else. The black plumes from the abyssal ships just coming into sight over the horizon were her cue to set her rangefinders searching for their first glimpse of the ships themselves - if they could be called ships at all. The sooner she could send those creepy, toothy monsters back to the depths where they belonged the better.

“Torpedoes incoming, 30 degrees off the starboard bow,” Oboro, the more taciturn of their escorts reported.

Throwing her rudder to full starboard, Ashigara leaned into as hard a turn as she could manage to minimize the area presented to the torpedoes. The first of the spread shot past to her left, its passage only visible from the trail of bubbles behind it. Another followed behind it, close enough to her that she could spot the glowing eye and white teeth of the torpedo itself. Straining her eyes to see any other dark torpedoes in the water she was rewarded by the sight of a third running off to her right and let out a sigh of relief.

A sudden thud and flare of pain in her right leg forced her to stumble and very nearly fall to one knee. Sneaky little bastards were getting clever. As she tried to turn away to pull back behind the destroyer screen she could feel her right side sinking lower and lower into the waves. With a hole below the waterline, water would keep pouring in as fast as she was moving through it; she couldn't keep this speed up. Slowing down was begging for a follow-up attack from the submarine but the certain danger of flooding outweighed that possibility. As she let her screws slow and stop she could only hope that the destroyers would be able to force the sub to keep its head down.

“Oboro, depth charges on the sub! Akebono, set up for a torpedo run on the destroyers, I'll cover you!” Myoko hurriedly issued orders as she maneuvered herself between her stricken sister and the enemy guns.

With her engines shut off Ashigara coasted to a stop in the water giving her damage control crews enough breathing room to get some semblance of control over the situation. She could feel sections of her stores and bunkrooms filled to their roofs with water, but her turrets and machinery spaces seemed to have been spared. The more pressing issue was how much lower her right side was sitting in the water than the left; she wouldn't be able to keep her balance like this and capsizing out here was never going to end well. Even trying to reach the flooded areas to drain them was impossible for her crew at this point, leaving intentionally flooding the opposite side of the ship the only viable option to stay afloat. When it was done the waves reached just above Ashigara's knees, but she could at least stay upright.

The gunfire around her seemed to have stopped as well, Oboro having forced the sub back into the depths and Akebono and Myoko managing to sink or drive off the surface vessels.

“What have I kept telling you about rushing ahead like that?” Myoko fought to keep herself from shouting “What would have happened if the rest of us had been a little further behind?”

“That it's reckless and dangerous.” Ashigara grumbled as she tried to find a comfortable way to stand on her injured leg.

“Maybe it will actually sink in now.” The flagship bit out. “Come on, give me your hand, you're not going to be able to get back to base under your own power. Akebono, Oboro, run ahead and sweep for subs, we'll keep an eye out for any planes, alright?” Myoko received a chorus of affirmatives as the destroyers zipped off on their assigned tasks.

###

If the expedition before her run-in with the sub was tedious, then the last two hours were absolutely mind-numbing - not to mention embarrassing. Here she was, a fast, elegant cruiser wallowing along under tow like a barge with nothing to do but look for abyssal aircraft and try not to sink any further. Every time a bigger wave hit her she could feel the masses of water inside her slosh back and forth, not far enough to capsize her but more than enough to be uncomfortable.

Ashigara turned to face her sister ship. “Can we please just go a bit faster? I've still got half of my engines working.”

“For the last time, no. Going faster puts too much strain on your repairs. The regulations are there for a reason,” the other cruiser responded without even turning to look at her. “Unless an entire fleet starts chasing us this is as fast as we're going.”

“If we were moving faster they wouldn't have such an easy time catching us.” Ashigara shifted her weight between her legs, trying to find a more comfortable position. “I'd be able to get in the repair baths and the destroyers sound like they want to get home soon too.”

As if to drive her point home, the smaller ships asked the same question they had been asking every half hour. “How much longer are we going to be out here anyway? We're already an hour past the time we were supposed to return,” Akebono complained over the radio.

Myoko could already feel a headache starting between her eyes. “We're still a few hours out at this pace. Is there something wrong?”

“U-um, no. Nope, nothing wrong,” the destroyer lied unconvincingly.

Focusing her rangefinders on the destroyers ahead of them, Myoko could just make out the purple-haired destroyer fidgeting and shifting her weight from leg to leg. ‘Ah, so it's like that,’ she thought to herself.

“We'll be home as soon as we can, but be sure to ask for a break if you need one.” She knew it wasn't likely for someone as headstrong as Akebono to ask, but the offer was there. One of two ships under her command that fit that description really.

###

As their fleet passed into the harbor, Ashigara had to make a conscious effort not to let herself relax too much. Until she was safely in dock things could always go wrong. As they approached the slipways the shipgirls deployed from and returned to, she could see the base’s repair ship Akashi waiting at the top. Myoko stayed to support her sister and keep her from drifting, but the destroyers eagerly headed in from the longer than expected expedition. Watching the destroyers rush up the slipway, with more than a little fidgeting and crossing of legs, heading off for rest, repairs, and likely the restroom she couldn't help but feel a bit jealous. As the destroyers headed for the dorms Akashi made her way down and out onto the water to make her initial checks.

“Are the abyssals getting clever or did she get a bit over-excited again?” she asked, carefully coming to a stop within reach of the two cruisers.

Myoko let out a long-suffering sigh “Some combination of the two. We've already had words about it.” The heavy cruiser shot a pointed glance at her sister ship, leaning on her shoulder.

“The sub got lucky, that's all,” Ashigara grumbled, earning her a flick to the forehead from Akashi.

“A lucky hit is still a hit. Myoko, If you want to go get started on the mission report, I can take care of Ashigara from here.”

“Are you sure? If you need an extra pair of hands I can stay to help.”

“I'm not sinking, stop worrying so much,” she protested, shifting to move closer to Akashi. “You already dragged me back here, just go get your work done. Everything will be fine.”

Myoko sighed. “If you say so. Don't hesitate to have someone come and get me if you do need help though.” As the heavy cruiser turned and sailed towards the docks there was a slight tension in her body. Debriefings could be time-consuming on a good day, and were usually even longer when someone had gotten hurt. Myoko could only hope she would get a chance to find a bathroom before rather than after.

“So, let's get started,” the pink haired shipgirl said as her fairy engineers came out of hatches on her rigging. “Any severe aches and pains or difficulty moving that I should know about?”

“My leg's sore, but nothing much beyond the flooding.”

"I guess the sub isn't the only one that got lucky then. No obvious damage to your turrets or magazines and just flooding in your machinery spaces," Akashi confirmed.

"So I can go get in the repair baths then?" Ashigara asked with just a bit too much eagerness in her voice.

"Ah, about that. Your repair crew's running the pumps as hard as they can, right?"

The cruiser nodded in the affirmative.

"You're too low in the water right now. If you try to use the slipways like this you'll scrape the bottom and make that torpedo hit worse. I can send fairies over to help empty out the floodwater but you'll have to do it here."

It took a few seconds for her to process just what the repair ship was suggesting, her face getting redder and redder as she did. "H-here!? You want me to j-just do something like that in the middle of the harbor, where everyone can see?" she hissed.

"You're too damaged for it to be safe to let you head back out into the ocean just for some privacy. The sooner we get this over with the sooner we can get you repaired, alright?" She held out a hand with a few little damage control fairies and a set of equally small pumps as she spoke.

Ashigara grimaced. ‘At least it's less of an audience than it would have been with Myoko here,’ she thought, taking aboard the very small damage control team. As they made their way inside she began the other preparations for what she was about to do. Gingerly, taking care not to tear the little fabric left on its right side, she hiked the front of her skirt up to her waist while pointing herself towards the closest thing she could find to an unoccupied stretch of shoreline. With the damage they'd taken her white tights were going to be a write-off anyway, she mused as she pulled them down to her knees, hooking her thumbs in the waistband of her underwear before hesitating.

"You're sure there isn't another way?" The cruiser looked pleadingly at the repair ship.

"You're already going to be in the repair baths for long enough, don't push it," Akashi huffed.

"Ugh, I get it, I get it," Ashigara grumbled. With the water coming close to her knees she couldn't get her underwear off normally, and lowering them far enough for someone behind her to see would be one humiliation too many for the day, so she left them sitting just low enough to uncover her unmentionables. A shiver ran up her spine as the sea breeze brushed against her exposed skin, drawing out a spurt of liquid as it passed. Following one last check for people on the shoreline, Ashigara parted her lips and let all the water that had been tormenting her pour out.

As her stream splashed into the water in front of her she couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. It was like having a weight lifted off of her shoulders, quite literally if the way she was slowly rising in the water was anything to go by. Ashigara certainly wasn't any stranger to relieving herself on the water - there wasn't anywhere else to go in the middle of the ocean after all - but she'd always avoided exposing herself like this within sight of land. She'd deny it if anyone asked, but there was something wonderfully satisfying about feeling the sea breeze down there and seeing the splash as the ocean inside her rejoined the one she floated on.

But once the initial euphoria of finally getting to empty herself had passed, it became a good bit harder to ignore the circumstances of her relief. She was peeing almost as publicly as it was possible to get, out on the harbor for anyone to see, with someone else right next to her. With her cheeks burning she turned to look at the person that got her into this mess.

"Do you really need to be watching this so closely?"

"Honestly." The repair ship crossed her arms and huffed. "It's not like it's anything I haven't seen before, and yes I do. If the water's drained unevenly there's still a risk of capsizing, and since my fairies are part of the process I couldn't exactly ignore it if I wanted to."

Soon enough the torrent of water began to slow, spraying against the inside of her thigh for a short time before stopping. After what had felt like an eternity, that weight and pressure in her lower half was finally gone, leaving just soreness from her injuries and an overwhelming sense of relief. Taking a glance down at her legs, she could see that she was floating at her normal draft again, her feet sitting safely on the surface of the harbor. Unfortunately she could also see that the upper half of her tights were only slightly less wet than the half that had been submerged and her underwear had only fared a little better. With a considerable amount of reluctance she pulled her underwear back up, cringing as the wet fabric pressed against her body, and lowered her skirt. Now that she was able to move more freely she pulled her tights off, vowing to get rid of them as quickly as possible and wincing as her hand brushed against the bruise where the abyssal torpedo had hit.

“Feel better?” Akashi asked, holding out a hand to steady her patient. “I think that's the most I've ever seen come out of a cruiser.”

“A bit,” Ashigara sighed. “I'd feel even better if I could just get in the baths and pretend this didn't happen though.”

“I think that can be arranged,” Akashi chuckled as the two shipgirls made their way onto dry land.

