The Competition

Author: noodler

*000*2019-10-18 07:57

Prologue

I don't remember how I got to this point- to the point where I'm about to burst and flood the corridor if I remove my hands from my crotch.

Gripping myself hard, I hurry towards the nearest toilets. Pressing on my clit and squirming wildly seems to be the only way to keep it in as I turn the corner and find myself suddenly faced with a room full of people. I've stumbled blindly into the reception of the building, somewhere I was desperately trying to avoid, and almost feel myself lose a spurt in surprise. Doubling over, I clamp down and wiggle my hips until I bring myself back from the edge. Then, faced with a room of strangers, I do the impossible and straighten up; I whip my hands from my crotch and pretend I was looking for something in my pocket.

Without the pressure on my hole, it suddenly becomes impossible to hold it in. Each slow step I take across the room is accompanied by the furious rubbing of my thighs, which I hope looks subtle but is probably blatantly obvious. But the friction between my legs doesn't make up for the lack of pressure on my crotch; now that there's nothing physically preventing me from leaking, I feel myself lose a spurt. It lasts a second, maybe less, but it sends me into panic mode and leaves my underwear feeling much too damp. And then, what should I see in my moment of fear but the sign for the toilets? To my left, there's a set of two doors with the beckoning sign plastered between them. I nearly lose it again, this time forced to push a hand between my leg and grip myself firmly through my jeans, bouncing on the spot.

Any normal person would barrel into the toilets, commandeer the nearest cubicle, and drop her panties & jeans to the floor in one move. I can imagine all too vividly collapsing onto the porcelain seat and feeling the long awaited relief of my pee rushing out, furious like a firehose at first and then slower, trickling gently into the water below. Moaning, I squeeze myself and rush through a different door, blanking the toilets completely. You see, I'm much too shy to use the main toilets, even in a state of complete desperation. Instead, I set off in search of a distant, less popular set of toilets are: inside the gym, reserved so that athletes can take a quick pee and immediately get back to whatever they're up to. I'd used these toilets before and was confident I could make it.

In the corridor, away from prying eyes, I allow myself a quick respite by shoving a hand in my jeans and grabbing myself through my underwear. It's much easier to squeeze myself without the awkward fabric of the jeans in the way but it doesn't make me feel any less desperate, just a little bit more aroused. Hurrying down the corridor, I pound up the stairs and take a right towards the gym, ripping my hand out of my jeans before anyone can see. When I reach the door leading into my gym, I stop and squirm furiously on the spot, crossing and uncrossing my legs, bouncing up and down, even grabbing myself with both hands and pushing up so hard I'm surprised I don't lift off the floor. Only once I feel I'm in a fit state do I push the door open and slip inside.

The room is filled with sportspeople, most of them so fixated on whatever they're doing that they don't even spare me a glance, and I'm able to easily slide along the wall in the direction of the toilets. I don't let myself double over or even hold my crotch, shaking like I've got the flu as I force myself to put one foot in front of the over. Just before I reach the door, I feel my underwear grow a little wetter against my will and am forced to wriggle my hips until the spurt stops. Once I reach the door of the female toilets, I push it open- ahem. I push it op- even after my second attempt, the door doesn't give and I have no reason to question it at this point. More like, I have no time to question it. I barrel into the men's toilet, which thankfully opens immediately, and assess my options.

It's a curiously structured restroom, especially for a men's. There is a distinct lack of urinals lining the wall, which surprises me, and only two toilets, one of which is marked with an out of order sign; I can't help thinking that it's usually women who don't have enough toilets to go around and get an odd sense of schaudenfreude for once. As well as there only being two toilets, the stall walls diving them is unusually low and only high enough to cover up to waist height if one was standing. There are no doors. I'm confused immensely by this bathroom layout but barely have time to question it, as seeing an inviting toilet is about to push me over the edge. I hurry towards the single working toilet, shoving one hand inside my jeans as a last resort as the other hand fumbles with my zipper. I gotta go.

Due to the lack of privacy, I only drop my jeans and underwear to my knees, so that I can yank them up as soon as possible. Gripping my jeans with one hand, I lower myself onto the toilet and finally, finally, finally, I let it out. The sound of my moans echoes off the walls as my pee pours out faster than I've ever known in my life. It's warm, splashing my thighs it comes out so quickly, and I just want to get it all out of me so I can finally be empty. It's a feeling of utter bliss as my pee rushes out of me and my hand goes slack on my jeans, allowing them to drop down to my ankles, and I tilt my head back in relief. I don't think I've ever needed a wee so badly before in my entire life, so badly that it feels euphoric to let out. My pee is still rushing out of me when I hear the door handle turn slowly.

Abruptly, I'm pinching off my flow without a second thought. It's difficult and a few dribbles of pee escape as I frantically get to my feet and grab a fistful of toilet paper to wipe myself. I toss the toilet paper into the bowl instinctively and fumble to clothe myself again. As the door opens, I'm yanking my underwear and jeans back up to save my dignity and barely manage to sort the zipper before a guy steps into the bathroom. And instead of being embarrassed that I was nearly caught in such a compromising position, all I can think is that: I'm still full. I barely made a dent in my bladder during those glorious seconds.

"Gotta go, gotta go, gotta go-" The guy's chanting is cut off abruptly when he sees me standing there, "Sorry, are you using the toilet? I can wait."

He obviously can't wait, judging by the way he's crossing and uncrossing his legs over each other.

"I'm done," I lie through my teeth and lean over to flush the toilet, causing the guy to double over and moan loudly.

He's gripping himself tightly as he waddles over to the toilet stall, barely waiting for me to move out of the way. He must be seriously desperate as he pulls his cock out immediately and starts to wee. It pours into the toilet like a tap and I'm forced to grab myself as I step up to the sink, grateful he's facing the other way so he can't see the way I squirm against my hand. The sound of him peeing and his moans of relief as he finally lets it go makes it difficult for me to keep holding as I run the tap for a minute under the pretence of washing my hands. I lose a stream into my underwear, a wet patch growing across my panties, as the guy seems to slow down.

Then, he lets out a load groan and the stream builds back up to a furious level, until he seems just as desperate as when he started. His mammoth pee lasts well over two minutes, creeping into a third, before his stream dies back down to a dribble. He forces out a few more spurts and one surprisingly loud stream before he lets out a final sigh of relief and shakes himself off, pulling the flush. I'm very aware that I still need to use the toilet very badly.

He joins me at the sink, apologising shyly, and I dig around in my pocket for a lipstick I pretend to apply. Maybe if I can just drag out my time in here, he'll leave and I can finally finish the most-needed pee of my life.

"No worries, sounded like you really needed it!" I manage to make a joke and he smiles, still looking shy.

"Yeah... to tell you the truth, it's been a little over a day," And when he sees the shock on my face, he continues, "I'm not surprised you're here because lots of girls start showing up around the time of the annual competition. There was a bunch of them in here yesterday watching and giggling, which I'm sure some of the other guys loved. You see, once a year, there's a sort of unofficial competition to see who can hold their pee all day. You can get a free gym membership for a year if you're still holding on when the gym closes," He pauses to wipe his hands on his jeans, "A few of us made it but at that point, the toilets were closed and I had to make it home."

Curious, I ask, "Why didn't you go at home?"

"I was tired from holding," He shrugs, "I was so exhausted, I fell asleep on my couch straightaway. I can't really believe it either but when I woke up this morning, I was bursting like you wouldn't believe," He answers my next question before I even get the chance to ask it, "Little did I know, my sister had come down with stomach flu overnight and was hogging the only bathroom. There was no way I could wait all morning. In a panic, I rushed to the nearest public toilets, but they were closed for cleaning. And nowhere seemed to have a toilet. I even tried to use an alleyway but I was spotted and hurried out. This was the last place I thought of."

"Wow," I couldn't help but sound impressed.

He shrugged and headed towards the door, "Since you didn't know about it, I'm guessing you're not here for the girls' competition."

"Huh?" It conspired that the holding competition that my bathroom buddy had been involved in had been for guys only; everyone had agreed it was only fair to test guys and girls separately as girls were much, much better at holding it and therefore would have an unfair advantage on the guys. The girls competition was starting in the afternoon and unlike the guys, they had to make it overnight and until tomorrow afternoon if they wanted to win a gym membership. I couldn't help but mull over how good my holding capacities were as I pretended to apply my lipstick and thought how many of my friends I had outheld in the past.

My male companion pushed the door open and offered me an awkward half-wave, "See ya."

As soon as the door dropped shut, I was reminded of how urgently I had to go and rushed back over to the only working toilet. I started to squat, pulling my underwear down, and immediately started peeing before I could even sit down. This time, the relief didn't come immediately and it was only after I started actively pushing my wee out that I started to truly feel my bladder was emptying. My stream built until it was pouring out of me at an incredible rate, hitting the bowl so hard that I was surprised it didn't split in two. I pressed down on my bladder, trying to empty it as fast as possible before anybody else could walk into the bathroom. After a while, my stream slowed down and I had to push a series of shots of piss out, until my stream finally came to a stop. However, like my bathroom buddy before me, I found a hidden reserve and moaned as I managed to push out another long stream, lasting over a minute.

When I was done, I felt so relieved that it was almost akin to orgasm and all I could do was sit on the toilet, head in my hands, feeling so empty.

I wondered how many girls entering the competition had ever produced a stream like this one and thought, "Alright, game on."

