Anna and Steve

Author: Naughty_girl

*000*2022-12-15 15:18

This is my first ever attempt on a story about potty accidents. English is not my native language, so please excuse any grammar or orthography mistakes. I have read many stories here in this forum and others but never found a story that included all my fantasies. So I came up with my own. If you like it, I can post a sequel.

Anna woke up and felt some pressure on her bladder. It was still dark outside and Steve, her husband, was peacefully sleeping next to her and snoring. She hasn’t gone to the toilet the evening before. She felt nervous and excited at the same time about her plan.

@@Since early childhood she has been fascinated about others or even better herself, peeing their pants. In kindergarten she sometimes pulled down only her pants and sat on the toilet with her undies on, peeing in her undies. She felt very naughty and enjoyed the warm, wet feeling of her pee going in her undies. Usually no one noticed. Once she peed on the mattress on purpose during nap time and got in trouble for it. Since then she was a bit more careful and only wet her bed at home slightly just after going to bed for it to dry up until morning. When she was a bit older she discovered, that wetting herself, or even thinking about it, gave her pleasure in a sexual way. She experimented a lot while growing up but always had to be very careful, so her family or friends wouldn’t find out. But those first childhood experiences are not the focus in this story. When she moved out to go to university she had more freedom and would occasionally pee her pants on the way home from a party at night. She had also bought protective sheets for her bed in the students dorm, so she wouldn’t ruin the mattress. But every time she dated someone, she carefully hid everything that could give her away and tried to forget about her secret little hobby as best as she could.

Now Anna was happily married to Steve for a bit over a year. They had gotten married just a year after they met as it was clearly love on first sight for both of them. Anna felt incredibly blessed, that she had found such an amazing, caring and loving person. But she couldn’t help it - her thoughts began to wander when she was sexually excited and she started to phantasize about peeing her pants or the bed and how she could involve Steve in all that.

@@So she made a plan: after a nice dinner at their favorite restaurant with quite some wine and her ending up a little bit tipsy, she decided to skip the toilet before going to bed and pee the bed lying next to her husband. Anna was feeling aroused and started to focus on her bladder. She imagined sitting on the toilet, closed her eyes and after some time, a light dribble started and made her pajamas noticeably damp. She almost gasped and stopped. „Is this really a good idea? How will he react? What if he won’t find me sexy ever again?“ Anna was thinking, doubting her plan for a short moment. But the dampness in her pants was feeling so good and she started touching herself. Becoming increasingly aroused, Anna just pushed the negative thoughts back and started to release more and more pee until her bladder was empty and her bed was soaking wet. She kept rubbing herself until she came. For a moment she was enjoying the euphoria but then quickly looked at Steve to check if he was still asleep. He was. Now Anna started to regret what she had done and became a little anxious. But here was no way of going back now. Her side of the bed was so wet, Steve was definitely going to find out about what she did. Anna’s plan was to say it was an accident and apologize to Steve the next morning. Since her thoughts were running wild, it took a long time until Anna finally fell asleep but eventually she dozed off. When Anna woke up the next morning, the first thing she realized was the wetness of her pajamas and her bed. She remembered what she did during the night and the arousal as well as the anxiety came back. Steve was already awake, playing on his phone. „Good morning, Sweetie“, he said when he noticed that Anna was awake and he gave her a kiss. „Good morning“, Anna mumbled, seemingly nervous. „Let’s get up and make breakfast, I am hungry“ Steve said and got out of bed. Anna didn’t move. „What’s up, are you still tired?“ Steve asked. Anna’s heart was racing and she gathered all the courage she could find and mumbled „I… I think … I might have … my bed …“. Steve looked at her confused. „I wet the bed“ Anna said quietly, with some tears in her eyes, looking at Steve. Although she had planned all this, she felt incredibly ashamed now. Steve’s eyes widened and he was speechless for a moment. „You did … what?“. Anna’s heart sunk. She couldn’t quite read Steve’s facial expression. „I am so so sorry. I don’t know how that happened. I mean… you know … as a child I had some trouble with bed wetting and even staying dry during the day until the age of like 7 or 8, but since then it only happened super rarely and to be honest, I thought it wasn’t an issue anymore since it didn’t happen in the last 3 or 4 years. Maybe I had a little bit too much to drink yesterday. I don’t know. I think I might have forgotten to go to the toilet before bed. I am sorry, please don’t be mad at me.“ Anna was speaking very fast now and started to cry. Steve slowly regained composure and lifted Anna’s blanket. There was a big wet spot on the grey sheet and Anna’s pajama pants were sticking to her bum and her legs. Steve sat on the bed next to Anna and pulled her towards him. He stroke her hair, kissed her cheeks and dried her tears. „Shhhhh…“ he tried to console her. „It is okay, sweetheart. We just wash these clothes and bedding and forget about it, okay? There’s no reason to feel bad. I am not mad at you, don’t worry.“ And with that, he stripped the covers from the blanket and the sheet from the mattress. He started the laundry and made breakfast for him and his wife. Anna slowly calmed down and while the two of them were eating and talking about their plans for the day, she almost forgot about what had happened. A couple of days went by uneventfully, until Anna once again found herself thinking about wetting. Steve had reacted in a very loving way. Now that Anna was thinking about it, she never had expected anything else. This man had such a loving and caring persona

@@lity. She felt silly now about how anxious she was that he could be mad at her for such a thing. Over the next weeks, Anna wet the bed some more times, each time getting consoled by her husband in the morning. One night she wanted to go a step further, now being all confident, that her husband was understanding about her „issue“. When she woke up during the night, she rolled closer towards Steve and put herself in the position of the „little spoon“. Instinctively her husband put his arms around her and pressed her against his body, without waking up. Steve’s legs were pressed against Anna’s bum and thighs. When she wets herself, this time Steve will also become wet. Anna’s heart was racing once again and she concentrated for a moment on her bladder. Then she started to pee. Before her bladder was completely empty, Steve moved and woke up within an instant. „Sweetie, wake up“, he said, shaking her gently by her shoulder. „Mmmhhh?“ Anna pretended to just be waking up. „What’s wrong?“ she asked with a sleepy voice. „You wet the bed… and me“ Steve answered. Anna pretended to be shocked and sat up in the bed. „Oh no… no…“ she said with a whiney voice. „I am so sorry. God, what is wrong with me?“. Steve smiled at her, hugged her and said „It’s okay. Don’t worry“. They changed the bedding, started a laundry, and went back to sleep. The next morning Steve cleared his throat. „Anna, Sweetheart…?“. She looked at him with curious eyes. „Yes?“. „I don’t want to upset you and I want you to know, that it is not at all a problem for me, that you sometimes have an accident at night… But we have been together for 2 years before it happened the first time and since then it has happened like 4 more times now within a month. I am a bit worried about you. I did some googling and I would really appreciate if you could go see a doctor, just to make sure, that you are not sick“. „Ufff“ Anna was thinking to herself. She hadn’t thought about this. She felt bad, that Steve was worried she might be sick, while she was just pretending to not have control over this. „Ehhmm… yeah… maybe I should see a doctor…“ she said hesitantly. „I know you feel embarrassed, but you know, doctors have to deal with such things all the time, he won’t judge you“, Steve said, misinterpreting Anna’s reservation. „Yes, you’re right, Baby. I’ll make an appointment“ she lied. Obviously she was not planning to actually see a doctor, but she will tell Steve that she did and that they couldn’t find anything wrong with her. Some weeks later, after a couple more night time accidents, Anna told Steve that she was at the doctors as he had suggested and that despite several exams, they had not have found anything wrong with her and that it’s probably just from being stressed and a little overworked. This was not entirely a lie. Anna was a very successful lawyer. She loved her job but lately she was very worn out. And her little night time „accidents“ actually helped her relax and distract herself from work. „Well, I am always telling you, you’re taking on too much work and you have to take things a bit easier. Maybe we should plan a holiday…“ Steve said and kissed his wife.

For a while their life went on like that. Anna wet the bed on purpose from time to time and it wasn’t a big deal. To not be suspicious she started to wear nappies whenever they would sleep outside of their home, like in a hotel or at a friend’s house. At first it was just to make her story about being a bedwetter plausible, in the sense of being worried to ruin a hotel bed. But Anna noticed she really enjoyed wearing nappies and sometimes even wore them secretly when she went out with friends, without her husband knowing of course.

After a while, Anna became a bit bored. She started to phantasize about day time wetting. Sometimes she was wearing Steve’s sweat pants at home and thought about wetting them and Steve finding out and scolding her. Somehow these phantasies became stronger and stronger and eventually this was all she was thinking about whenever she was touching herself. So Anna made a plan once again.

@@Some days later the two of them were at their favorite restaurant for a dinner date (including quite some wine as always). The walk from the restaurant to their house was about 20 minutes and more often then not they would take a cab but this time Anna said she’d love to enjoy the mild summer’s evening, taking a walk back to their place. While they live in a rather suburban part of the city, it’s far from rural. There a plenty of bars and restaurants along the sides of the street and due to the nice weather many people were outside, enjoying the evening as well. Anna was wearing black jeans. She already felt the need to pee when they left the restaurant, but did not go to the toilet. After 10 minutes of walking she started to become a bit desperate and mumbled „uhhh… I should have used the restroom at the restaurant“, while pressing her hand to her crotch. „We’re soon at home“, Steve said, walking a bit faster. Anna tried to release a bit of pee in her pants but realized it won’t work while they’re walking. She became a bit disappointed thinking she was not going to be able to follow through with her plan when they had to stop at a red traffic light. „Oh no…“ she said, pressing her hand against her vagina again, pretending to be scared of wetting herself. „You are going to make it home, right?“ Steve asked, now a bit worried. Anna looked at him with some pretended desperation in her face when she deliberately started to pee her pants. At first Steve didn’t notice, as Anna’s pants were black but then a little puddled was forming on the ground. „Oh no no no“… Anna quietly gasped with a shocked facial expression. „Anna, what are you doing?“ Steve exclaimed surprised. „I am so so sorry… I just … I couldn’t … that damn traffic light…“ his wife stuttered. When Steve noticed tears forming in Anna’s eyes his surprise changed to concern and he put an arm around her. He kissed her on her forehead and said it was okay. „We’re almost home, sweetheart…“. When they got home, Anna went for a shower and touched herself until she came thinking about what had happened. Steve didn’t mention her accident again, as he didn’t want to embarrass or upset her anymore but secretly Anna was a bit disappointed, that he didn’t. She would have loved to get scolded or at least teased a bit by him. But she had to admit to herself, that this wasn’t the way Steve was. He was just too nice.

@@Some weeks later, Anna and Steve were in their car on the way to a nearby forest, where they were going to spend a couple of days in a cabin with their friends Julia and Tom, who they know from university and don’t see very often as they were living in another city. Anna and Steve both love the outdoors but unfortunately don’t find a lot of time to get out of the city due to their demanding careers. They were very excited about this getaway to the nature and to see their friends. When Anna and Steve were on the road for about an hour, Anna realized she needed to pee. She had had a coffee just before they left and she also had drunken a lot of water on the way. „Can we take a short break at the next rest stop? I need to pee“, she said. „Sure, Sweetie“, Steve answered. But just a couple of minutes later they had to slow down due to heavy traffic, which then turned into a traffic jam. The car came to a complete stop. „Umm… I am getting a bit uncomfortable“ Anna admitted, squirming and pressing her hand against her vagina. As much as she enjoyed wetting herself, she had not at all planned to do it on this car ride, ruining the car seat. Also, she was wearing gray jeans, which would expose an accident very clearly and it would be obvious to their friends what had happened when they get to the cabin. „Didn’t you use the toilet before we left?“ Steve asked. „I did, but the coffee and all the water I drunk…“ Anna said, becoming more and more desperate. „Well, sweetheart, there’s nothing I can do really…“ Steve said, stating the obvious. „We’re in a traffic jam in the middle of the highway.“ „I know… „ Anna replied fearful. This time she tried her best keeping her pee in and staying dry as the big girl she was. She looked out of the window. Steve played one of those road-trip games with her, trying to distract her. But eventually, all the holding, squirming and distraction wasn’t enough anymore and Anna found herself peeing her pants and the car seat, this time entirely against her will. She started to cry. „Uff… Anna… really? Did you really just pee yourself in the car like a little girl?“ Steve said, the first time with a slightly annoyed undertone. This took Anna by surprise. She was already beyond upset and now is the moment her husband decides to not be his tolerant and caring self? „Well, I am sorry. I tried all I could. It’s not like I peed myself on purpose“, she snapped back at him. Steve immediately regretted being so harsh to his wife. „I know. I am sorry. I don’t know why I reacted like that. I know it’s not your fault.“ he said, and patted her leg. „What am I going to do? Julia and Tom will see what I did…“ Anna said. „You can have my jumper and tie it around your waist, so it hides your bum“, Steve suggested. „Thanks…“, Anna replied weakly, still with tears in her eyes. Slowly the traffic jam dissolved and an hour later the two arrived at the cabin. Anna put Steve’s jumper around her bum to hide her accident and they started to bring their luggage inside the hut. Tom and Julia, who already arrived a couple of hours before and were waiting for them euphorically greeted and hugged them. Then Anna quickly went for a shower before she joined the others for the evening activities. The guys made a fire at the fire place, the girls cooked dinner and after eating the group played some board games, drank a lot of wine and chatted about old times and their current lives. At some point Tom realized he had forgotten his phone charger and Steve gave him his car keys as he had a second charger in the car, he could lend Tom for the weekend. When Tom came back he exclaimed „The passenger seat in your car is all wet…“ looking at Steve and Anna. Anna went pale immediately and started to stutter „ehmm… ehh…“. „Yeah, Anna spilled her water, when I had to slam the brakes.“ Steve said, sounding very casually. Anna was impressed how he immediately came up with this excuse. Tom seemed to buy it and the four went on with their conv

@@ersations. When they all went to bed and Steve and Anna were alone in their room, Steve asked if Anna had brought her protection and reminded her to not forget to put it on. She had indeed brought it and she secretly enjoyed that her husband would remind her to put on her nappy, like she was a bedwetting small child. The rest of the weekend went along smoothly. The four friends had a lot of fun together, went for several hikes, the swam in the nearby lake, made a big BBQ and enjoyed the valuable time together. When they were about to leave, Steve pulled Anna aside and asked her quietly „Did you use the toilet?“. Anna was slightly surprised but also amused and answered „yeah, like an hour ago“. „Please try again, before we leave“, her husband said. „Ehm, I don’t really have to go right now“, Anna said confused. „Sweetie, come on. Have you forgotten what happened on our way here?“ Steve said now very firmly. „Ehm… okay… fine.“ Anna answered, now slightly ashamed and went to the toilet. Actually quite a lot of pee came out and she admitted to herself that Steve was right. They arrived home without any incidents.

After two more faked day time accidents, similar to the first one, on the way home after a dinner at a restaurant, Steve started to remind his wife to go and use the toilet regularly. Every time they were about to leave home, a restaurant, a friend’s house or basically any place with a toilet, he would pull her aside and tell her to go pee.

@@One night Anna felt defiant. The two of them had been out with friends at a bar and Anna had talked a lot with Martin, one of her closest colleagues, about a complicated case. Steve had always been a bit jealous about Martin but Anna finds that ridiculous. Yes, the two of them work together a lot and became close friends over time, but Steve had absolutely nothing to worry. He should know that she only loves him and doesn’t have eyes for anyone else. However, Steve had made some annoying comments and was pouting most of the evening. She even had been asked by a couple of friends, what was wrong with her husband and why he was behaving in such a way. Anna was frustrated and a little mad at him. He had asked her several times if they could go home and although Anna would have loved to stay a bit longer she finally complied and said good bye to her friends. „Go and use the bathroom before we leave“, Steve commanded rather than asked and that was the moment Anna had enough. „No, I am a fully functional adult and I decide if I wanna go to the toilet or not“, she snapped at him, putting on her jacket and storming out. Steve followed and the two walked towards home in silence. It happened what had to happen and Anna started to feel desperate. She was in no mood to pee herself though. She wasn’t feeling sexually aroused at all right now and she definitely didn’t wanna give Steve the satisfaction of peeing herself after she had confidently told him, that she is an adult and it’s her decision to go to the toilet or not. But despite all her effort, Anna ended up peeing her pants just a couple of minutes before they arrived at home. Steve hadn’t noticed yet as she was walking a couple of meters behind him and it was also dark outside. But when she unlocked the door to their house he saw the big wet spot on her bum. „Ahh Mrs. I-am-an-adult peed her pants again?“, he mocked her. Anna stayed silent and rushed to the shower. While cleaning herself she started to feel a bit horny and started touching herself. When she went to bed she was ready to forgive Steve and started to kiss and touch him. Although Steve was still a bit annoyed he just couldn’t say „no“ to sex with his amazingly beautiful wife. For the first time, something was different though. He heard Anna’s voice „No, I am a fully functional adult and I decide if I wanna go to the toilet or not“ echoing in his head and he saw her with her wet pants opening the door before his inner eye. Out of a spontaneous mood he spanked Anna’s bum. She gasped and looked at him surprised. After a couple of seconds she started to smirk though and her eyes looked excited. So he spanked her again. And again. Anna started to moan. „Is this my punishment for wetting my pants?“, she asked grinning. „Yes little miss. You didn’t go to the toilet as I told you to and then ended up wetting yourself like a naughty little girl.“ Anna got more and more aroused. She loved where this was going and enjoyed every scolding word her husband said and every spank. Steve sat up and put her over his leg, so she was lying on her belly. He then proceeded to spank her harder and harder. „From now on, if I tell you to go potty, then you go potty, understood?“. Anna was shaking from pain, but also from pleasure and arousal. This was better than anything she had fantasized about. „I am sorry. Yes, I will always go potty, when you tell me to.“, she agreed. After some more spanks, Steve laid back and pulled Anna over his body and the two had the best sex of their lives.

