My Attack on Titan One Shots

Author: NakSins

*000*2023-04-02 09:21

Hi! This is a thread that features all the pee themed Attack on Titan one shots I have/or will write.

Ny preference would be for you guys to support me on AO3! https://archiveofourown.org/works/46189645

However I’ll post the stories here too for those unfamiliar with the site. But I will take any and all requests so please let me know if there is something you want to see!

Here’s the body of text for my first story:

Desperate Pleasures

It wasn't unlike any other mission outside the walls. The two of them had been through this many times before. Their objective was the same as it always was, see what was out there, explore, fight titans if you come across them, record your findings, and hope that it all contributes to something greater.

Evening was upon them, and as their squads began setting up camp for the night ahead, Hange and Levi set off into the direction of a path less travelled. There were blank spots on the map, in fact there were many, and a large part of Hange's job had been filling up those spots. Drawing them into their notebook, slowly adding trees and rivers and mountains to the world as they knew it. Levi happily accompanied his comrade on these twilight explorations. Evenings when the afterglow coated the landscape in its honey-golden glow, and the titans were drifting off to sleep. Despite that, it was never safe to wander too far alone, no matter how experienced you were, so weather he felt like it or not, Levi was never too far behind.

As they walked through the dense forest, Hange tried to balance their attention between their notebook and the scenery around them. It wasn't too impressive, it looked just like any other forest you'd find anywhere else on the island. But the quiet chirping of native birds, and the crunch of leaves under their feet was a sweet song. The distant roar of titans and the stomping of stampedes of horses was the soundtrack to most of their moments out here, so nights like these were a privilege.

Hange stopped in their tracks to scribble something in their notebook. Levi didn't know what they were noting down, they hadn't exactly seen anything note worthy, but it wasn't the kind of thing he needed to worry about. The planning, the map making, the research, that was Hange's job. He was there in the event that someone needed to bust through the heavens and make blood rain from the skies. You wouldn't be surprised to learn that that kind of skill is required quite frequently in this line of work.

Hange snapped their notebook closed and tucked their pencil behind their ear. "Right, I've got to take a break. Nature's calling." Levi nodded. They were already fairly deep into the forest, and a far cry from the rest of their squads, so it wasn't really necessary to find somewhere more secluded. Hange took a couple steps away from Levi and scanned the area for any potential threats. A titan you could probably hear coming, but thorned bushes and hostile ants were a different story.

"Keep guard for me!" They called as they pushed their back up against a large tree. Levi nodded as he stretched. The ODM gear was getting heavy. After a long day, it simply becomes a pain the ass to carry around. Hange had left theirs at the campsite, but Levi wouldn't be caught dead out here without his.

Hange loosened the belt on their pants, pulled them down to just above the knee and dropped down into a low squat. Levi was not looking in their direction out of curtesy, but when Hange spoke up, he took that as an invitation to meet their gaze. "You know, Levi, it's funny how we've been on so many missions, you and I, and yet we've never gone to take a piss together."

Levi raised an eyebrow, unsure of where Hange was going with this. "What are you saying? You want me to join you?"

"Only if you want to." They chuckled. "I just thought it was weird that we'd never—you know—shared this moment before."

Levi noticed that several moments had passed and Hange still hadn't began to piss, as they continued to ramble, there was a distinct lack of action happening below the belt.

"What's wrong? Can't you go?" He put his hands in the pockets of his Survey Corps jacket. "I can leave if this is going to be awkward."

Hange blushed. "What? No, no, this isn't awkward!" They laughed nervously. "I mean, why would it be awkward? It's not like we haven't seen each other naked before."

Levi chuckled. This wasn't out of character for Hange. They'd always had this kind of awkward demeanour, and truth be told, it was kind of cute. Levi couldn't help but smile down at them as he began to fumble with his own belt. "Now that you mention it, I could definitely go for a piss too, so let's get this over with," Levi stepped up to the tree beside Hange, unzipped the fly of his pants and took himself out in a fluid motion.

As soon as Levi's stream began to run down the tree, Hange was relaxed enough to allow their stream to flow also. It hissed like hot oil against the fallen leaves below their feet. Levi smirked to himself as he listened to the audial confirmation that Hange had been pretty desperate to go. "Ahh." They exclaimed in a hyperbolic fashion.

"Feel better?" Levi teased.

"Oh yeah," Hange giggled.

Levi finished first, he shook himself off before he tucked himself back into his trousers. Hange was still pissing as Levi began to zip up. They took a moment to appreciate the surroundings, the sunlight peeked through the canopy and lit them both up like a halo.

Levi noticed the puddle under Hange's feet had begun to spread, he jumped back as it began to inch towards his boots. "Christ!" He hissed. "How long had you been holding that in?"

"A while." Hange admitted. "But it's your fault for standing so close!"

"Right." He frowned. "Admittedly, I'm used to pissing next to soldiers who can aim their streams."

Hange's stream dwindled, and once it came to a complete stop, they did their best to shake off any lingering drops before they pulled their pants back up and readjusted their belt. "Finished!" Hange sung. Levi rolled his eyes.

"The sun's going down, we're best off heading back to camp now."

"Good idea," Hange said as they stepped over the mess they'd made on the forest floor. Levi had offered them his hand, they took it as they crossed the river they'd made.

The pair began to make their way back to camp. The conversation was sparse after a long day, and both soldiers were eager to call it a night. As they walked, Hange couldn't help but feel a sense of warmth between them and their pint-sized companion. There was this unspoken mutual respect that they had for each other, each soldier admiring the other for their strength, leadership, and commitment to the cause. But there was something else, something more personal that neither of them could quite identify that made them want to steal glances at each other while they pissed against the trees.

