Living with Hannah

Author: nononono

*000*2026-02-16 21:19

Chapter One: First Impressions

James

He paced the kitchen as the digital clock on the oven turned to 16:00. Cardboard boxes filled the room, evidence of an afternoon frittered away playing video games rather than actually unpacking. Two days had passed since James grabbed the keys from his new landlord, and moved himself and his paltry set of possessions into a two bedroom flat in Clapham. Three years of university and what did he have to show for it? A 2:1 degree in Computer Science from Lincoln, the certificate for which was proudly displayed opposite the toilet. Then there was the mountain of student debt, £27,000 and rising. All that debt for three miserable years with very few friends, and even fewer romantic experiences.

To cool his nerves, James went into the bathroom. After urinating, he checked himself in the mirror. His attempt at growing a beard still patchy, but partially hiding acne scars at least. He washed his rectangular glasses in the sink, getting rid of days worth of grease and dirt. His white t-shirt was clean at least, though revealing his skinny, puny frame. He sniffed his armpit, spraying himself with Lynx to be on the safe side. He checked his messages with Hannah, no new WhatsApp since the one sent at 12:03:

"Just leaving now, reckon I'll be there by 4 🫡" James had replied with a thumbs up, unread. He clicked on her WhatsApp profile picture for the tenth time that afternoon. She was undoubtedly beautiful, her profile picture showing a brunette woman, grinning, wearing a red tank top which amplified her sizeable tits. You could even see her left nipple if you looked hard enough. To her right on the picture was a man, arms round her, big wide smile. Maybe her brother, James thought. Hoped. Noticing she hadn't been active for four hours, James wondered if she'd stopped for a break or not.

Hannah

"For fuck sake," Hannah muttered to herself as she searched for a space outside. Her Peugeot 306 filled to the brim with her boxes. Ian would be arriving with the rest of her stuff tomorrow, despite her begging him to come today. After all, she'd never met James, her new flatmate. He seemed harmless enough, if a little dry in their WhatsApp exchanges so far. Anyway, he was doing her a massive favour. Her plan to move in with four of her uni friends had fallen through last minute, so she was desperate for somewhere to stay in London, with her graduate scheme at TfL starting in a few days. She turned the radio down, the loud music distracting her from the parallel park she was about to attempt. Hannah hated parallel parking at the best of times, much more so when she was overstimulated, by the volume of the radio, the summer heat overwhelming her car's feeble air conditioning, and an urgent need to urinate.

After a few gos, she was parked up. Not the best parking she'd ever done but she didn't care. She smoothed down her short denim skirt as she exited the car. She dropped James a WhatsApp: "Just arrived! Could do with a hand bringing boxes in 😇" Whilst she waited, she unloaded the boxes, feeling the strain in her bladder with the heavier ones. Hannah hated stopping on long journeys, only resorting to service station toilets if she was absolutely bursting. Her family had a running joke that whenever she came home from uni, she would rush past to use the loo before saying hello to anyone.

James

It took him a minute to find her. Her car looked like something his grandad would have driven twenty years ago. She, on the other hand, looked even more gorgeous in person. Her light brunette hair slightly messy, her sunglasses making her look effortlessly cool. Taking a deep breath, he approached her. "Hi, I'm James," he said, in a voice only just audible. "Hey James, so nice to meet you," she went in for the hug, his body going limp in the embrace. By the time he thought to return the hug, she had already let go, looking bemused at the undeniable awkwardness of the meeting. "Sorry I'm parked a little far down, parking was a nightmare." James just nodded, himself replaying the events of the past ten seconds in his head. He noticed she seemed a little on edge, she seemed to be slowly bouncing on the spot. "Shall we... go inside?" Hannah broke the silence.

James led the way, praying the box of plates and bowls he was carrying wouldn't collapse. He already wasn't nailing this first impression. Realising he hadn't spoken for a while, he ventured some small talk. "Good drive?" he asked. "Yeah, the traffic wasn't as bad as I thought it would be actually. The air con in my car is buggered though so apologies in advance for how sweaty I am," she replied. "Sorry that was TMI." "TMI?" James asked. "Too much information," she laughed. "Sorry, I'm not familiar with all the slang," he monotonously replied. "Pretty sure people have been saying TMI since the 90s," Hannah gently teased him, as they reached the front door.

Hannah

Please hurry up, she thought as James spent an excruciatingly long time trying to unlock the door. He wasn't much of a talker. Maybe he was just shy. She hadn't been able to find out much about him through her internet stalking. No Instagram profile, or at least no easy to find one. His WhatsApp profile picture was a blurry picture next to a train, and his LinkedIn hadn't been updated since his sixth-form part time job stacking shelves at Tesco. Her best friend Ella joked that he could be some sort of super hunk. Looking at the scrawny man who had finally managed to open the door, she couldn't help but chuckle about how far from the truth she was.

She followed him into the lift, the two of them packed closely together with the boxes. The strong smell of urine in the lift reminded her of her own predicament, the half bottle of water and can of Coke Zero consumed on the journey making itself known. She took advantage of being stationery to cross her legs slightly, easing the pressure temporarily. The lift jolted into action, the sudden movement eliciting a gasp from Hannah, forced to clench to avoid a leak. "You okay?" James asked. "Yep, just bit of a shock," Hannah laughed.

James

The kettle boiled, as Hannah came in with the last of her boxes. If she did need to use the loo, she hadn't gone yet. Maybe he was imagining it. But she definitely seemed tense, particularly when they were in the lift together. He should have shown her where the toilet was, of course he knew this. But James was secretly enjoying watching his new flatmate, crossing her legs, squirming a little as they waited for the lift. He could have sworn he caught a glimpse of her holding herself as he pretended to struggle with the keys on their third journey from the car to the flat. Omorashi, it was called. The sensation of feeling aroused from seeing someone else in need of the loo, or wetting themselves. He'd known he was into this since he was a teenager.

He distinctly remembered the day he realised his fetish, in a memory he regularly revisited. He was with his family on the tube back to his grandmother's house, after going to see The Lion King during the summer holidays. Two drunk 20-something women got on the tube at Baker Street, sitting opposite him and his family. Throughout the journey to Zone 6, the two loudly discussed how "absolutely desperate" for the loo they were. The more desperate of the two was in tears by the end, saying "she'd never needed to piss so badly in her life". By the time they reached their penultimate station, James and his family were shocked to see her wet patch spread from the crotch of the woman, soaking the seat and dripping onto the floor below. Since then, James had had an acute interest in female desperation, his ears often pricking up in public if he overheard a woman complain that they "really needed a wee."

Hannah

"Tea's ready," James called. "Coming!" Hannah exclaimed. Feeling the full weight of her bladder as she stood up from her bed, she realised her need had reached breaking point. Hannah had always been guilty of this, perhaps a symptom of her ADHD. She'd get so engrossed in other tasks that she'd forget she needed to pee, until her bladder felt like it was about to explode. She'd lost count of the number of times last year where she'd run to the toilets in the university library, on the verge of wetting herself, because she'd been too focussed on finishing her dissertation. There was even one occasion where she'd timed it wrong, found herself in a long line for the loo, and ended up wetting herself a little in the queue.

James hadn't bothered to show her round, naturally. She pushed one door, to reveal what was clearly James's room. Leicester City poster on the wall, unmade bed, pizza box on the floor. Musty smell. Recoiling, she closed the door. She tried another one, it wouldn't budge. Third time lucky? She opened the door to find James sat on the sofa, two cups of tea on the table. Reluctantly, Hannah sat down.

James

She can't have peed for at least five hours, he thought. And yet Hannah was still making polite conversation, sipping on her tea, presumably adding to an already full bladder. Their conversation was flowing a little better now, she'd told him all about her grad scheme working for TfL as a social media officer, whilst he'd tried his best to make his job as a data analyst sound interesting. He found it difficult not to stare at her naked legs, which kept crossing and uncrossing, betraying the confident language projected by her upper half.

Hannah

Jesus, this guy is dull, Hannah thought, taking another sip of her tea. As he droned on about the difference between a data analyst and data scientist, Hannah couldn't help but wonder if she'd made the right decision. She was locked into this contract for at least a year, with this guy who kept staring at her legs. She wondered if he was a virgin. She found it hard to imagine him holding a conversation with another woman, let alone fucking one. On top of that, she was dying for a wee. The tea threatened to send her bladder into crisis, now desperate for relief.

James

He noticed Hannah's eyes dart towards the door once again. There was no way she wasn't desperate for a wee. Especially now she'd finished her tea. Even still, she was continuing to chat to him, making this the longest conversation he'd ever had with someone that wasn't his mum or sister. She casually brought up that her boyfriend was going to be staying tomorrow, crushing James's spirit slightly. But long distance now. Whilst he had no experience of dating himself, TV shows had told him that that was going to put a strain on their relationship. "More tea?"

Hannah

She clocked the look of sadness on his face when she mentioned Ian. Best to let him down early on. She'd encountered his type before - lonely, awkward, starey. The last thing she wanted was to hear his presumably awful attempts at chat up lines. But her bladder was now threatening to burst. As he asked her if she wanted more tea, she saw her opportunity. "Actually, I'm desperate for a wee, could you show me where the loo is?" she smiled.

James

Knew it, James smiled to himself as he led his new flatmate to the bathroom. "So this door is very stiff. Someone should be coming to fix it soon but until then, you just need to give it a good shove," he explained, as Hannah bounced on the spot, no longer having to conceal her desperation.

Hannah

Just open the fucking door before I wet myself.

James

He pushed the door open. "So you've got your toilet here," he gestured towards the right hand corner. "Bath and shower in here, sink over there..."

Hannah

Oh now he's giving a fucking tour, she thought. The sight of the toilet was too much for her. Mid-sentence, she cut him off: "James, I'm about to burst, can we do this later?" He apologised and left.

James

The lock turned. He heard the toilet seat clatter down, and the sound of muttering, presumably as she battled with her skirt. Finally, almost as soon as he heard her bum make contact with the porcelain seat, he heard a jet of piss explode into the bowl, hitting the water in the toilet with force. He felt his cock stiffen as he heard her moan slightly.

Hannah

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh" she couldn't help but sigh as five hours worth of urine exited her body. Her eyes rolled back as she enjoyed the ecstasy of relief, her bladder slowly deflating. After what felt like several minutes, the jet turned into a trickle, and eventually a few drops. She wiped herself, pulled up her knickers and flushed.

James

He moved from the door as she flushed the toilet, adjusting his penis to hide his arousal. No doubt he'd replay this moment by himself later on. As she washed her hands, he went and sat back down in the living room. "Better?" he asked as she walked back into the living room. "So much better," she laughed. "Sorry for being a bit abrupt then James, I genuinely thought I was about to piss myself." "Oh not at all," James answered, his cock now rock hard. "FYI that might happen a fair bit. I always forget to pee until I'm absolutely busting to go. I'd been desperate since I got onto the M40," she laughed. James just nodded, barely unable to contain his glee. "Hannah?" he said, to break the silence. "Hmm?" she answered. "What does FYI mean?"

*005*2026-02-18 10:12

Chapter Two: The Stroganoff Incident

James

His turn to cook. Time to step it up. His first few offerings - spaghetti and meatballs, and chicken stir fry - were well received, but shown up by hers - beef wellington, and salmon en croute. He mooched round Tesco, grabbing the ingredients for a beef stroganoff, before heading back. Their friendship was unlikely, but real. After a rocky start, they'd bonded over their shared love of The Office (the UK version) and craft beer. Sure, he still looked out of place and barely said a word when they met up with her friends at the pub. And he still retreated to his room for the majority of the time whenever Ian came to stay. But when it was just the two of them, he felt like a real person.

Obviously his love for her was unrequited. He wasn't stupid. He saw the way she looked at Ian. Her laughs when he made stupid puns, them cuddling together whilst watching Friends re-runs. Their PDAs (another new one for James) so sickening that he felt like an outsider in his own flat. Every time he came to visit was torture. Every time he overheard them having sex. Within four hours of Ian visiting for the first time, James had already ordered noise cancelling headphones.

Hannah

She swayed a little bit as she took her seat on the train. It was so cute that James was making an effort. Even if every meal he'd cooked so far had been pretty inedible. He was trying, and that was all that mattered. Her phone buzzed, the work group chat talking about which pub they were going to go to next. Hannah would have stayed, but she didn't want to let James down. She had a pint out of politeness, accepted a pint brought for her by a colleague who she was 99% sure wanted to shag her, then left.

Should have used the loo, she thought to herself as the pints started to make their presence known. No toilets on the DLR. It was fine, she could hold it. She opened up WhatsApp "hey, just left work drinks, should be home in an hour. Need me to get anything?"

James

His phone buzzed, as he began to chop some onions. "No thanks, got some nice red wine for us." In truth, he wasn't sure if he enjoyed wine yet. But she did. It was funny, how despite being the same age as each other, it felt like she was years older. She'd done so much more her life. Whilst James spent his gap year stacking shelves in Tesco, Hannah was travelling the Far East, encountering hallucinogenic drugs and food poisoning. Whilst he spent his time at uni playing video games in his room, Hannah was out exploring her sexuality, making memories with friends.

His phone buzzed again, a Tinder notification. He ignored it. Hannah set it up for him after a few beers the other evening, but his heart wasn't in it. His phone wasn't exactly pinging with matches anyway. But he couldn't think about anyone else. He'd never been in love before but he was pretty sure he loved Hannah. Even if it wasn't reciprocated.

Hannah

She arrived at Bank station later than anticipated. The DLR was held up, something about a signal failure. Her need for the toilet was now fairly urgent. Urgent enough that she Googled "are their toilets at bank station", to which the answer was no. She battled commuters to get on the Northern line, apologising to the Asian family who she barged in front of. Squished next to strangers on the dangerously overcrowded tube, she reached into her pocket for her phone.

"delayed slightly but will be home in about 25 minutes!" she sent to James. "absolutely bursting for a piss" she added.

James

Beef now sizzling away, he checked his phone. Hannah's message came through, sent 10 minutes ago. "absolutely bursting for a piss". A familiar feeling surged to his cock. She'd be home in 15 minutes. Sometimes he wondered if she knew about his fetish and sent messages like that to fuck with him. When she called him on the way home from her friend's house because she was "about to wee her knickers and needed a distraction", he almost jizzed in his pants immediately. Even though they'd been living together for a month, and his room was right by the bathroom, he still felt light-headed every time he heard her urinating.

Hannah

Finally the train pulled into Clapham Common. Another station with no toilets. She darted up with escalator as fast as her full bladder would allow her to. Ten minutes from home. She could do this. She texted James again "ten mins away. pray for my bladder"

James

Table all laid, food ready to go, the WhatsApp came through on James's watch. His mind went into overdrive. He couldn't shake the image out of his head, Hannah desperately crossing her legs on the tube, frantically trying to hold it. Maybe she'd have to piss in a bush on the way home, or maybe she'd have no choice but to wet herself a little bit. He wondered what panties she was wearing. Was it the plain purple ones he'd seen on the washing airer? Or maybe the thong he'd pretended not to notice was visible through her skirt when Ian came to stay last. He couldn't help but imagine what her pussy looked like.

Hannah

A wave of urgency hit her as she entered the park. Was she desperate enough to consider going behind a bush? She wasn't exactly a stranger to a wild wee, thanks to her love of festivals and hiking. But the common was busier than usual, full of revellers keen to enjoy the last drop of summer before the sunny evenings in the park give way to chilly movie sessions by the fire. She was so close to the flat now, she decided to hold it. Besides, she didn't want to risk getting piss on her new light grey work trousers. She sent James another series of texts, the other three still unread: "leave the door unlocked" "might piss myself" "😬"

James

The latest series of texts came through, James's dick now rock hard. He checked the Find My Friends app, she was about two minutes away now. His erection was a problem, something needed to be done about it. His horniness overtaking his normal rationale, he left his phone in his room, undressed and headed to the bathroom. Locking the door, he turned the shower on, and hopped in, starting to masturbate as he heard the key turn in the lock.

Hannah

"Fuck sake James," Hannah cried, bladder like a bowling ball. She contorted her legs dramatically, all in the name of keeping her knickers dry. The second she unlocked the door, the first spurt of pee escaped her previously resolute body. Leaving a 50p sized wet spot on her purple knickers, she knew she didn't have long to spare. She limped to the bathroom door, wanting to cry as she heard the sound of the shower.

James

"James, open the fucking door, I'm about to wee myself," he heard through her the breaks in between her hammering on the door. "Seriously, I'm so so bursting right now." He continued to play the oblivious housemate, stroking himself harder as she became more urgent. "Oh God it's started." That was enough for James, his cock shooting semen against the glass door of the shower. Post-nut clarity set in. Hurriedly, he wiped the shower door and started to dry himself.

Hannah

It was too late. Her exhausted sphincter could put up no more resistance as torrents of pee escaped her body. The warmth spread rapidly, before the stream ran into rivulets down each leg, dripping into her shoes and pooling at her feet. The relief was too great to feel embarrassment or shame, or even anger towards James, who shell shocked had now stepped out of the bathroom.

James

He could hardly believe it. If he had not ejaculated 30 seconds ago, he surely would have came himself there and then at the sight of his beautiful flatmate, wetting herself in front of him. She broke into giggles when she looked at him. "I don't even care," she laughed, pee still trickling out of the legs of her trousers. "Fuck that feels so good." She looked as though she was about to cum too.

Hannah

It took everything not to moan, as her bladder was finally empty. She looked down at her now saturated grey trousers, and the puddle on the hardwood floor beneath. "Check your fucking phone next time, I told you to leave the door open," Hannah laughed. "Sorry, it was charging," James replied. Hannah raised an eyebrow, he should have got notifications through on his watch. "Just been busy cooking us a delicious meal," he added. A smile crept in. "Okay, well for your sake, I hope this is the best beef stroganoff anyone has ever eaten," she replied. "Although maybe give me ten minutes to shower first..."

*012*2026-02-20 10:51

Chapter Three: The Party

Hannah

He was still talking to her. James, wearing the white face paint she'd applied, both sitting on his bed about two hours ago, slicked back hair, and white shirt and bow tie, complete with a black cape and fake fangs, taken out for ease of conversation. His companion, her friend Yuzuki, her quiet, Japanese colleague, wearing a witches costume. Laughing at James's every joke. She beamed when watching them, as though watching her younger brother score his first goal. "Shall we get out of here? Leave those two talking about Lord of the Rings or whatever the fuck they're into?" Ian sidled over, hand round her waist. "We only just got here," Hannah moaned. "Come on, would you rather be here watching Stephen Hawking trying to score, or getting fucked senseless by me," Ian slowly kissed her neck. "Ian... you're so mean. Anyway, I told you you didn't have to come if you didn't want to. I want to stay and make more friends here."

James

He looked across, Ian, clearly too cool to wear a Halloween costume, kissing Hannah, dressed in a latex body suit and a cat mask. What he wouldn't give to see her out of that suit. Yuzuki was attractive, sure. And she seemed to find him funny. Really funny. Probably just being polite, he thought. He excused himself to grab the two of them some more drinks.

As he plunged his hand into the ice water to grab two more beers, Hannah bounded over, beaming. "So, how's it going?" she teased. "She's nice," James answered, keeping his cards close to his chest. "Come on, she is HOT!" Hannah slurred her words a little bit, the Vodka cokes from pre-drinks making themselves known. "I would," she added. "Noted," James laughed. "I think she likes you," Hannah nudged him, her perfume lingering on his nose. He couldn't help but glance at her cleavage. "Plus she broke up with her boyfriend a few weeks ago. She is gagging for a rebound," she sipped her beer, dancing slightly on the spot. "You okay?" he asked. "Yeah, I just really need a wee," she bit her lip. "You know you can do something about that?" he laughed. "Fine, but I'm taking Yuzuki with me."

Hannah

"Yuzuki, bathroom?" Hannah asked. "Yes please, I've had to pee for like an hour," Yuzuki responded, her eyes showing her thankfulness. "Ugh," the two women sighed in unison as they reached the line for the bathroom, about seven people ahead of them. "What's going on?" Hannah asked Clare, the Strategic Planning intern, dressed as a devil wearing a scandalously short skirt, crossing her legs tightly. "Pretty sure Emily and Milo are fucking, or doing coke or whatever in there. I'm seriously debating pissing in the garden," she moaned. Yuzuki anxiously looked around. "It's alright for you, I'm going to have to get full tits out if I piss outside," Hannah gestured to her bodysuit. "You know when you have a few cans of beer and they just go straight to your bladder," Hannah laughed, turning to Yuzuki. She smiled awkwardly, lightly bouncing on the spot.

"What do you think of James then?" Hannah asked. "He's sweet. Quite awkward, but a nice guy. I need nice," Yuzuki smiled. Her ex had cheated on her with three different women before she finally kicked him out. "I think he likes you," Hannah whispered. "Yeah? He keeps looking around whilst I'm talking to him," Yuzuki said. "He's just not great with eye contact. Trust me, he's a safe pair of hands. Our flat is only a 20 minute walk away too," Hannah winked. "We'll see," Yuzuki tried to shut the conversation down. "I need to pee so badly." "Tell me about it," Hannah moaned. "I'm getting desperate." Clare joined their conversation "Fuck it, I'm about to burst. I'm going to the garden." Yuzuki squirmed, biting her lip. "Yeah me too. You coming Han?"

James

James looked up from his phone periodically, only to check the progress of the bathroom line. Yuzuki and Hannah had been stood there without moving for about five minutes now. He imagined the two of them stood there, bladders full of urine, trying to make small talk to distract themselves from their urgent need to piss. Once again, his mind drifted back to Stroganoff Day, her outside the bathroom, stood in saturated jeans. The glimpse of her soaked purple knickers as she sheepishly entered the kitchen to put her wet clothes in the washing machine, wrapped in a towel which only just covered her vagina. Her dramatic retelling of the events over dinner. He'd not come close to seeing her desperate since.

"So you gonna pull tonight?" It was Ian, punching his arm in a manner too aggressive to be considered friendly. "What? Oh, I don't know," James replied, sipping on his beer, becoming aware of his own full bladder. "You should. She's fit, kind of," Ian smirked. "You'd be punching well above your weight." James stared blankly, not knowing how to respond. "I'm only joking, lighten up," Ian punched his arm again. All James could think about was the beer now pounding on his bladder. "I'm going for a piss," James left. "Don't bother mate, the queue's not moving. I had to go outside," Ian warned him. James nodded, desperate for relief.

Hannah

"Hurry up," Clare moaned through gritted teeth, shivering from the cold and from desperation. They'd ditched the garden idea, too many men pissing and then continuing to drink outside. The last thing any of them wanted was for creepy Callum from HR to see them urinating. Instead, Clare was leading a charge to an alleyway, away from prying eyes. Hannah and Yuzuki lagged behind. The two had barely turned into the alleyway yet, before they saw Clare, panties down to her ankles, squatting and peeing forcefully against the pebbles. "Oh. My. God," she moaned. "That was a close one." Yuzuki joined her, yanking her knickers down and releasing her stream. "Ahhhhhhhhhh that's so much better." Hannah bounced on the spot "Come on guys, this is torture!" "Hey you chose to wear that," Clare smirked, drip drying and pulling her panties back up.

James

James ran round the corner, not willing to piss with the other men in the garden. He ducked down an alleyway, when a familiar voice stopped him. "Woah, what are you doing?" Hannah asked. "Please Han, I'm busting for a wee," James moaned. He looked past her, glimpsing Yuzuki squatting on the floor, a puddle of urine underneath her. "There's a queue buddy," Hannah's colleague dressed as a devil informed her, presumably having just relieved herself. "I'm sorry, I can't hold it anymore."

Hannah

It was strange seeing James fumble with his zipper, bursting for a wee. She'd never really considered James as having a human body, with the same needs as everyone else. She turned away as he started to get his penis out, only able to hear the immense relief as he drained his full tank against the brick wall. Yuzuki pulled her knickers up, and joined Clare and Hannah. "That feels so much better," Yuzuki sighed. Hannah winced, the fullness of her own bladder made worse by hearing three desperate people loudly relieve themselves in quick succession. "Can we go inside now? I'm busting."

James

His eyes lit up as he heard that precious phrase "I'm busting." He imagined her wrestling with her tight latex costume, before finally being able to go, sat on the toilet half naked. He finished his stream, and joined the girls. "Sorry about that," he gestured to Yuzuki. "Couldn't hold it." "Don't worry," she giggled. "Me neither." Ian came round the corner. "Hannah? There you are, come on let's go!"

Hannah

Ian looked at her impatiently. "Okay okay, let me go wee first," she reasoned. "There's a massive queue now, and anyway, if you go back in you'll just start yapping again. You can wait 20 minutes," Ian grabbed her hand. "But Ian, I'm dying for a wee." "You're a big girl, let's go," he started to pull, despite Hannah's protestations.

James

He fucking hated Ian. "I think I might head back as well actually," James spoke up, not wanting Hannah to go home alone with this arsehole. Yuzuki looked expectantly. "Would you, erm, I mean do you want..." "I'd love to." Yuzuki smiled. Clare rejoined the conversation after having a cigarette "I guess I'll see you guys later then." He heard her whisper something to Yuzuki, who jokingly slapped her. He couldn't make out what she said but he definitely heard the word 'sex'. He clammed up. Was this the night? 22 years of virginity coming to an end?

Hannah

They were about halfway through the walk, Hannah and Ian ahead, James and Yuzuki lagging behind. Neither of them had said a word to each other. A wave of desperation hit Hannah. "Ow," she exclaimed. "What?" Ian asked. "I told you I had to pee," she moaned. "Yeah, well I told you I wanted to go ages ago. Anyway you wouldn't need to piss so badly if you drunk less beer," he rolled his eyes. "What's that supposed to mean?" she demanded. "You shouldn't be drinking that much beer," he continued. "You're already starting to get a bit of a beer belly." "Oh fuck you," Hannah exclaimed, tears filling her eyes.

James

Hannah's arse looked incredible in her body suit. Yuzuki shivered in the cold. "Here," he gave her his jacket. He tried to make out what Hannah and Ian were saying. It sounded like they were having a fight.

Hannah

"I'm sorry, I can't hold it any more," she grabbed herself, ringing the doorbell of another house. They were about five minutes away from home. An elderly man answered the door. "Hi, I'm so sorry to bother you, but please could I use your toilet? It's an emergen_____" he slammed the door in her face. Another doorbell, same reaction. Another doorbell, same reaction. "We'd be home by now, but no, you have to make a scene," Ian moaned. "Fuck off Ian, my bladder's about to explode," tears ran down her eyes. "Oh God, you're not going to wet yourself again are you?" Hannah regretted telling Ian that story. He'd only just stopped making jokes about it at every given opportunity.

James

Presented with his beautiful flatmate, desperately, desperately trying to hold her piss, and the prospect of losing his virginity, this should have been one of the best nights of his life. But he couldn't help but feel bad for Hannah, clearly in agony, and clearly having a massive argument with Ian. He already sort of had to piss again, so he couldn't imagine how Hannah must have been feeling, having not been to the toilet once since the start of the party.

Hannah

The tight latex cat suit was really starting to compress her bladder. Every step was a mission, but they were finally at the front door. As she danced around waiting for James to unlock the door, she started to unzip herself. "For God's sake..." Ian shook his head. "I'm about to wet myself!" she shouted, not caring that her breasts were bursting out of her suit.

James

It was difficult for James to concentrate, with Hannah's breasts practically hanging out of her catsuit, whilst she squirmed desperately to avoid an accident. Eventually, he managed to open the door, Hannah practically pushing him out the way to get to the toilet.

Hannah

She burst down the hallway, a small streak of piss escaping as she reached the bathroom door. She pushed it hard, not even bothering to lock it. Writhing in agony in front of the toilet, she battled with her zip, unable to open it. "Ian?" she called out. "Please, it's an emergency."

James

"Ian's gone, I don't know where. Can I help?" he called out. "Is Yuzuki there?" Hannah asked, desperation clear in her voice. "She went round the corner to get some snacks."

Hannah

She desperately tugged at the zip, another spurt of pee gaining freedom. "Okay, James, I'm really sorry to do this, but I need your help." "Should I come in?" he asked. "Yes, hurry!"

James

James could hardly believe it, he was stood in the bathroom with Hannah, his flatmate on the verge of an accident, her tits almost visible. "I need you to unzip me," she begged. He stared blankly. "Hurry up!" she hissed. "If you look at my tits I'll kill you." James nodded. He tugged at the zip, left knuckle holding the leather against her skin, right hand trying to pull the zip down. As he managed to ease the zip, his left knuckle slipped, grazing the bottom of her left breast.

Hannah

"James!" she almost laughed, as he managed to free the rest of her cat suit. "Okay now get out!" As James awkwardly shuffled out, she had already started to take the piss that she was so desperate for. "Oh my God," she whispered, as her stream clattered into the toilet bowl, all the night's beer and vodka hastily leaving her body.

James

He barely noticed that Yuzuki was back, as she tapped him on the shoulder. "Hey," she whispered flirtatiously. James jumped a little. "Oh hey," he replied, mind elsewhere. The sound from Hannah's stream felt like it was reverberating throughout the flat. "Wow she must have been really desperate," Yuzuki laughed. "Yeah," James giggled nervously. "So... shall we go to your room?" she asked. "Sure," he replied. Oh my God. Was this actually happening? James hastily tidied up as she sat on the bed, her short dress riding up her upper thighs as she did so. The toilet flushed. "Actually, I kind of have to pee again," Yuzuki smiled. "Don't go anywhere."

Hannah

She washed her hands in the sink, tears flowing. Now that her bladder was empty, the events of the night ran through her mind. Her phone buzzed as she left the bathroom, she barely noticed Yuzuki rush past her.

James

Heart racing, James sat on the bed, trying to remember everything he'd learned about sex. What if he came straight away? What if he did it wrong and she told everyone? What if she told Hannah? A knock on the door. "Come in!" he replied, trying his best to sound calm. It wasn't Yuzuki, but Hannah, mascara running down her face. "It's Ian. He just broke up with me," she managed to get her words out in between sobs.

*013*2026-02-20 19:18

Chapter Four: The First Time

James

Even the radio couldn't drown out the sound of Hannah. You had to hand it to her, she had no inhibitions when it came to sex. Nor was she embarrassed that everyone in the flat and probably the adjacent flats could hear her cumming. Her fifth different Tinder date that week. He texted Yuzuki "Still on for tonight?" The two had been on a few dates since Halloween. Their first, a day time trip to a food market and a pub. Their second, a visit to watch a fairly mediocre rom-com at the cinema. A reply came back almost instantly "Ofc ☺️" As he poured his coffee, he heard Hannah's door open, a tall guy wearing a beanie quickly scuttling past and out the door. Shortly after, Hannah appeared in her dressing gown, looking radiant even with no make up and messy hair.

Hannah

"Hey can I grab some coffee?" she asked, taking a seat. She really needed a wee, but her need for caffeine was greater. She hoped he wouldn't notice that she was completely naked underneath her dressing gown, not wanting to bother putting bra and panties on before her shower. "Sure," he poured her a mug. "You look smart," she observed. Most of his wardrobe was t-shirts depicting movie quotes and scruffy cargo trousers. "Third date tonight," he barely made eye contact as he passed her the coffee. "Shit, that's huge!" Hannah sipped on her coffee. "Is tonight the night?" she winked. "What night?" he asked. "You know, THE night?" she laughed. He looked blankly. "Fuck sake James. ARE YOU GOING TO HAVE SEX WITH HER TONIGHT?" she spoke loudly and slowly.

James

James was taken aback by the question. Hannah was direct, sure, but they'd never really discussed sex before. "How do you know we haven't?" he asked, desperately hoping she'd move on. "She's my colleague James. We talk!" she giggled. "What else has she said?" he asked. "Relax! She really likes you," she laughed. "She just..." "Just what?" he asked. "Okay, you can't tell her I said this," Hannah sighed. "Fine, go on," he impatiently asked. "She said you've not even kissed yet," Hannah looked sympathetically. "I think she wants you to be a bit more... bold."

Hannah

She could see his face reddening. "Oh James, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you. She really does like you," she reassured him. "It's just I've never..." he started. "I've never kissed anyone before." Hannah almost choked on her toast. "Oh... erm," she spluttered, lost for words. "I know, I know. I've just never really had much success with females before," he sighed. "Maybe stop referring to use as females for a start," Hannah rolled her eyes. "I'm sorry. We nearly did at Halloween, but then..." "But then the biggest cock in the world decided to dump me by text, yes I remember." James looked downtrodden. "I just don't want to embarrass myself by doing it wrong." Hannah racked her brain for a response. Am I actually about to suggest this? she thought. "Look, maybe you could kiss me and I can let you know if you're doing it right."

James

James stared blankly. "Erm, er, really?" he asked. "If you want? It's not like it means anything," she shrugged. "Just hurry up, I'm desperate for a wee." "You know you could just wee first?" James laughed. "It's fine, be quick though," she smiled. He leaned in, he could still smell her perfume from the night before. He pecked her on the lips, tasting her strawberry lip gloss as he did so. "Okay good, but she's not your grandma. Go in for a proper kiss."

Hannah

She lifted her right leg over her left. As she did this, her dressing gown came slightly undone. If James had been looking down at that point, he would definitely have caught a glimpse of her pussy. She adjusted it, still crossing her legs out of desperation. She hadn't yet had her morning pee, and now the coffee sat uncomfortably in her bladder. He leaned in again, lips parting slightly. Not bad, until he started jabbing his tongue into hers. "Woah, be gentler. Less tongue, take it slowly." And quickly, before there's a puddle.

James

Hannah pulled his face closer, taking the lead. James's heartbeat quickened, as she gradually moved from kissing his lips, to gently and slowly massaging his tongue with her own. He followed her lead, slowly exploring his mouth with his tongue. Blood started to rush to his penis as she broke the kiss off.

Hannah

"That was good," she smiled. "You're ready! And don't worry, I'm not going to tell Yuzuki." She winked as she stood up, smoothing down her dressing gown. "Now I really really do need to go for a wee."

James

"Are you sure that was okay?" James asked, taking slight pleasure in the sight of Hannah dancing in the doorway, anxiously glancing at the toilet. "Yes, James, you're ready. As for the sex part, I'm afraid I can't help you with that one." "And is this outfit alright?" he asked. "James I swear to God, let me pee, I'm busting."

Hannah

Sat naked on the toilet, she sighed in relief as she urinated for the first time that day. She thought about James, his surprising tender kiss, the smell of his aftershave which she'd never noticed him use before. He almost looked a bit hot. Catching her smile on the reflection of the shower door, she brushed those thoughts aside. Don't shit where you eat and all that. Anyway, James was more like a brother to her.

___

James

The two held hands, walking in the November chill. Dinner had gone well, a nice Italian meal with wine and cocktails. Now they were on the way home. Yuzuki lived just a short way down from James, so normally they'd say goodbye at James's flat, and she'd keep walking on. James was prepared for either eventuality, having spent the afternoon cleaning the flat within an inch of its life. Yuzuki sighed loudly. "You okay?" James asked. "Yeah, I just should have peed before leaving the restaurant," Yuzuki grimaced. "Oh dear," James observed her with interest. "Will you be okay?" "I think so."

They reached James's road. "James, I actually need to go really badly. Do you think I could run up and use your bathroom?" she asked, bouncing on the spot in desperation. "Yeah of course, no problem." "You're a lifesaver. I'm bursting."

Hannah

She was sat in her bedroom when she heard the key turn in the lock. "Toilet's just there," she heard, followed by rushed footsteps and the sound of the lock. She ventured out. "How did it go?" she asked. "Pretty well," James smiled. "She's just peeing." "And then what?" she whispered. "Then we'll see," James grinned. "I swear to God, if you don't kiss her, I'm going to do it for you," she hissed. The toilet flushed. "I'm going to put my headphones on, go wild!" she winked, retreating back into her room.

James

"Better?" he asked, as Yuzuki exited, relieved. "Much better," Yuzuki sighed. "Soooooo..." "Right, well, erm." "James. Can I be honest?" she asked. "Okay," James answered. "I didn't really have to pee that badly. I mean I had to go, but it was an excuse to..." In a rare fit of confidence, he grabbed her by the waist, and moved his lips closer to hers.

Hannah

Ear cupped to the door, Hannah fist pumped as she heard the unmistakable sound of kissing.

James

"That was nice," Yuzuki smiled. "Shall we...?" James led her through to his bedroom. The two sat on the edge of the bed, and started to make out again. James giggled as she moved her hand up his thigh. "Sorry, that tickles," he laughed. Her hand started to slowly caress his crotch through his chinos, his cock stiffening instantly. He moaned slowly as she started kissing his neck. His hand made its way slowly up her pantyhose, until he was met with a gasp as he reached her top of her inner thigh. He gently placed her down on the bed, removing her skirt and her pantyhose. She practically ripped his shirt off, as he removed his chinos.

Both in their underwear, it was Yuzuki who made the first move, pulling his boxers down to reveal his fully erect cock. She smiled, kissed his neck again, her lips slowly moving down his body before they reached his lower stomach. James gasped as she started to lick his shaft, her tongue manouvering from the base of his penis to the tip. He almost came as she licked the tip in circular motion.

Her turn now. He clumsily tried to unhook her bra, before she removed it herself, revealing her pert tits. He kissed her neck, moving down to slowly suck each nipple, whilst tracing his hand down towards her sex. He felt the heat from her pussy as he started to trace his middle finger along her lace panties. Hearing her moan, he slipped his fingers through the waistband of her knickers, feeling her wetness. She gasped as he inserted his middle finger into her, his prodding betraying his inexperience.

Hannah

"I would drag my balls through broken glass just to hear you fart through a walkie talkie 😏"

"I want to tell you you're beautiful but beauty is on the inside. And I haven't been inside you."

"Piss on my face?"

Just a handful of the pickup lines Hannah had received on Tinder that evening. Unable to find a man with the magical combination of being 1) fit, and 2) not a pervert, she took matters into her own hands. As she started to touch herself, she scrolled through her memories for the usual images to help her get off. The time she and her first boyfriend had sex in a graveyard. The time she let a 30 year old woman doing a PhD tie her up whilst she was a fresher. The time she went skinny dipping and subsequently had a threesome with some lads she met on holiday in Croatia.

James

She was completely naked now. The first time he'd seen a naked woman in the flesh. She looked at him hungrily. "Have you got a condom?" she asked. "Yes, one sec," he replied, delving into his box of condoms. He'd practiced putting them on before, in preparation for this moment. He'd even wanked in them before. But his hands could barely unwrap the packet. "Let me," she whispered, grabbing the condom and unravelling it over his erect cock.

Hannah

She cycled through more memories, increasing the intensity on her clit. Her first time watching Titanic. Getting licked out backstage during a production of Into The Woods in her second year of uni. James kissing her that morning. She came, this time stifling her orgasm. Where the fuck did that come from?

James

He was trying not to let the frustration show, as he felt his cock soften inside of her. He retreated, desperately trying to get hard again. He jerked himself off, trying to do anything to get hard again. Even the sexiest memories he could think of - Hannah wetting herself in front of him, helping Hannah out of her catsuit, Hannah kissing him - did nothing. Accepting defeat, he took the condom off, and lay back. "Hey don't worry, it happens sometimes, I still had fun!" Yuzuki snuggled into him. "There's always next time." "Maybe just too much wine," James mumbled. "It's fine, let's just get some sleep," Yuzuki kissed his forehead.

*017*2026-02-21 13:37

Chapter Five: A Desperate Christmas

James

"Good morning," James smiled, as Yuzuki came to. He snuggled in, kissing her. "Good morning gorgeous," she smiled back, returning the kiss. He pulled her closer, continuing to passionately kiss her, his cock stiffening against her bum. "And good morning to you," she giggled. She gasped as his cold hand found its way down her pyjama bottoms, his fingers tracing her freshly shaved pubic hair. "Hold that thought, I really need a wee," she jumped out of bed, heading to her en-suite bathroom.

Hannah

Her head pounded. She woke up, throat dry, bladder full, completely naked. Memories came back in dribs and drabs. The pints, the tequila, the making out to The Pogues 'Fairytale of New York'. Urgh, she couldn't believe she was waking up on Christmas Eve with a one night stand. She looked at her phone, several missed calls from her dad. Shit! They were meant to be travelling to her grandma's at lunch time. She woke up Bill, or was it Bobby? Ben? "Hey, wake up," she prodded him. Still nothing. "Oi," she shouted in his ear. "Ahhhh my head," Bill/Bobby/Ben cried. "Oh shit, you can't be here." 

"What?" Hannah asked. "You've got to go, my whole family are downstairs," he informed her. "So? You're a grown up, surely it's not that big a deal," Hannah slipped back into her knickers and jeans from yesterday. "I... uh... may already have a girlfriend," he sheepishly admitted. "Oh for fuck sake," Hannah sighed. "Can I at least pee?" "Sorry, too risky, you're going to have to leave through the window. And quickly, I can hear them in the kitchen now but if they go into the living room, I'm fucked." "Feels like this isn't really my problem," Hannah moaned. "But whatever. You're a piece of shit. Merry Christmas, I hope she dumps you."

James

He played around on his phone as Yuzuki stepped in the shower. Another successful shag! He felt today's offering was another improvement, even if they had to be as quiet as possible as to not disturb Yuzuki's fairly conservative parents. A WhatsApp came through from Hannah "got a crazy story for you, voice notes incoming 😬"

Hannah

It was an extremely cold day, made worse by the short dress she had worn last night with the clear intention of getting laid. Now, as she shivered her way through the half hour walk home, she sent James some voice notes to distract her. "Hey, happy Christmas Eve. So you know how I went out with my home friends last night. Well, surprise surprise, end up going home with one of Liv's uni friends. We slept together, then when I woke up, he told me I had to leave straight away because his family were downstairs and HE HAS A GIRLFRIEND. Seriously why are men like this? Not all men obviously but what the actual fuck! So I literally have to climb out of his window, no shower, no time to do my teeth, he wouldn't even let me go to the fucking toilet. Anyway, dad's going to kill me because we're meant to drive to Yorkshire in half an hour and I haven't even finished packing yet. 

And I'm absolutely BURSTING for a wee, but they still don't have fucking Uber here, and I'm freezing to death. Not feeling very festive, not going to lie. So that's my morning. Hope your day is going better than mine. Say hi to Yuzuki for me, you guys are still the cutest couple ever. Okay love youuuuuu!"

James

"What's so funny?" Yuzuki asked, drying her hair. "Oh just a voice note from Hannah," he smiled. Yuzuki nodded. "You speak to Hannah a lot." "Well she's my flatmate," James shrugged. "I don't speak to Cameron that much," she stated matter of factly. "That's cos Cameron's an arsehole," James smiled. "Come on, it's not a big deal." Yuzuki ignored him, instead focussing on choosing some knickers for the day. 

"Don't be jealous," James teased. "I'm not fucking jealous, I just think..." she paused to gather herself. "I just think you two have a bit of a weird relationship." James hugged her. "Look, she's my flatmate. She's one of my best friends. And she's going through a tough time with the whole Ian stuff. But most importantly, she is the reason we're together." "I guess. I'm sorry, I guess when your ex cheats on you with three women, you have some trust issues," a tear formed in her eyes, which James brushed away. "I love you," he smiled. "I know we haven't said that yet but it's true." "I love you too," she kissed him.

Hannah

She ignored another call from her dad, instead focusing on walking as quickly as she could. But her bladder was an issue that needed to be sorted, close to overflowing with the pint of water she drank before bed to avoid a hangover. Unsuccessfully. Passing a petrol station, she saw her opportunity. "Excuse me, what's the code for the toilet?" she asked, dancing on the spot. "Customers only," the man behind the till replied. "Please, it's an emergency, I'll buy something in a minute," she squirmed. He shrugged. "Fine," she snapped, grabbing a large bottle of water and some chewing gum. "I'll buy these. Now please give me the code before I piss on your floor."

5783. She burst through the door, overwhelmed by the smell of stale urine and shit. Were she not absolutely desperate, she would have held it and waited until she got home. But with her bladder about to combust, she knew she wouldn't have made it another ten minutes. She hovered over the toilet, pulled her knickers down and... utter bliss.

James

In the bathroom now, he texted Hannah as he got in the shower. "Haha! Hope you made it to the toilet in time." The responses came back almost immediately "barely" "had to use the most disgusting public toilet I've ever seen 🤢" "was a very good piss tho!" Trying his best not to picture Hannah urinating, he showered himself.

Hannah

"Where have you been??" her dad yelled as she walked through the door. "I'm sorry, I was staying with Liv," she lied. "Just need to grab a quick shower." "We're going in ten minutes, with or without you," he snarled. Half an hour later, Hannah was ready, dressed in grey tracksuit bottoms and a navy blue jumper. She took her seat in the back, next to Elodie, her 19 year old sister, already sat there with AirPods on. She pulled one out "Nice evening with Liv?" Elodie whispered. "Lovely thank you," Hannah replied. "You're so full of shit," Elodie laughed. "Shut up," Hannah rolled her eyes at her. "At least I have a sex life." Elodie gave her a middle finger, and put her AirPods back on. "Right, hope everyone's been to the toilet because we're running very late," their dad said this looking pointedly at Hannah. "Without stops, we should still get there in three and a half hours."

James

After a morning of polite conversation with Yuzuki's parents, the two snuck away to go and see a film. "Hey, could we get 2 medium popcorns and 2 medium Pepsi's please?" James asked. "We're doing a special Christmas deal, you can upgrade to large for the same price," the man replied. "Okay sure," James nodded. He checked Find My Friends while Yuzuki was in the loo. Looked like Hannah was on her way to Yorkshire now. He quickly closed the app when he saw Yuzuki coming back. "What the hell? Those are massive!" she gestured to the popcorn and drinks. "Yeah, special deal on. Cost the same as a medium," he explained. "It's a three hour film," she laughed. "Best pray for our bladders."

Hannah

Two hours into the drive. Hannah glimpsed the SatNav, another hour and three quarters to go. Her dad sped another service station. Elodie woke up from her nap. "Dad, are we stopping soon?" she asked. "Didn't you hear me? No stops, we're late as it is," he muttered. "Sorry love," her mum added. "Will you be okay?" "I guess so." Hannah noticed that she was crossing her legs, the bottle of water next to her empty.

James

He sipped another bit of his Pepsi, his drink almost finished two hours into the film. He had to piss so badly, but the popcorn was making him thirsty. Yuzuki leaned over. "I am so desperate for a wee right now," she whispered. "Me too," he replied, crossing his legs. "You didn't even go before the film, you must be bursting," she observed. "Let's not talk about it," James replied. In truth though, she was right. He was beyond desperate at this point, but he didn't want to miss any of the film. Anyway, they were in the middle of the row, they'd have to push passed so many people to get out.

Hannah

"Dad, can we stop? I really need a wee," Elodie admitted. Knew it. "No, you're old enough to hold it, anyway, we're only an hour away now," he answered. "Please dad, there's a service station coming up, I'm desperate," she moaned. "I could do with a wee as well dad," Hannah added. In her rush to get ready, she'd forgotten to go for another wee before leaving. Now she'd finished a large bottle of water, as well as the coffee her mum made her before leaving. "No, I was very clear girls. You can wait," he snapped. "But dad!" the two moaned in unison. It felt like they were children again.

James

The two looked at each other with gritted teeth. There was a scene where a hostage had been taken, and she was being tortured by sounds of running water, flushing toilets, in order to try to get her to spill information. Instead, the hostage ended up wetting herself. Something both James and Yuzuki were on the verge of doing. "I'm not sure I can make it," Yuzuki admitted. "Come on, there's only twenty minutes left," James replied, although secretly he was also doubting his ability to hold it. He'd never been more desperate to piss in his life. Or at least not as an adult. Despite James being turned on by other people being desperate for the toilet, he was comparatively careful himself. He'd always pee before going on a long journey, always avoid drinking large quantities of liquid when he knew there wouldn't be a toilet for a while, always scout out where the toilets were in new places. But now here he was, genuinely concerned about pissing himself.

Hannah

Traffic was moving very very slowly. Cruelly, they had just passed a service station, one which both Hannah and Elodie begged their dad to stop at. Now, they could only dream of rushing into the services, and relieving their aching bladders. "Ooh this can't be happening," Elodie moaned. "What?" asked Hannah. "I'm absolutely busting, I don't think I can last much longer." "Come on love, you'll be okay," her mum tried to sooth her. Out of the left hand window, they could see a group of uni students, pissing on the hard shoulder with no care for who was watching. "Please, let me get out," Elodie begged.

"You're not urinating on the hard shoulder. Anyway we're in the right hand lane, it'd be too dangerous," their dad responded. "Do you want me to piss myself?" Elodie snapped. "Language dear," their mum tutted. "There's got to be something I can pee into," Elodie frantically searched the back of the car. "For God's sake," their dad shook his head. "I don't think I can last much longer either," Hannah admitted, the water now sitting heavily in her bladder.

James

Clearly everyone had gone for the large Pepsi offer. As soon as the end credits started rolling, virtually everyone stood up, bladders full to the brim, clearly in pain. On a normal day, James would have relished overhearing the conversations around him "I'm about to wet myself" "I'm going to burst" "I'm absolutely dying for a wee" but today, he was fully focussed on his own bladder. His bladder was so full, he felt like his kidneys were throbbing. A spurt leaked out as he stood up. Yuzuki was not doing much better "I'm in actual pain," she moaned as she waddled towards the end of the row.

James could barely speak, but he wanted to cry when he saw the queue for the toilets. "Sorry, all the other gents toilets are closed," the cinema worker must have seen the look of anguish on his face. He checked his phone to try and keep his mind off, as another leak escaped and ran down his leg. "how was the film? x" He replied "Very good." He added "Was distracted for the last hour as I have never needed to go for a piss so badly."

Hannah

The text came through, her own bladder throbbing. Never needed to go for a piss so badly. Why did that make her pussy tingle a little? Maybe it was just her own desperation? Either way, she definitely wanted to find out more. "omg did you go? am also busting for a pee (shock) 🫤" "so is my sister" "yay full bladder squad"

James

He hopped from foot to foot, trying to drown out the sounds of toilets flushing and running water from inside. "Nope, genuinely 50/50 whether I make it. I am BURSTING"

Hannah

Yep, something about the image of James bursting for a pee was definitely doing it for her. Elodie gasped. "You okay?" Hannah asked. "I just weed a little bit," she whispered. "I have to go now." Hannah searched around on the floor, eventually finding a small coffee cup. "Here," she passed it to her. Elodie didn't have time to argue. She undid her seatbelt, pulled her tights down and her knickers to one side. She panted in relief as she started to fill the coffee cup with her piece, the sound torture for Hannah. Predictably, she filled the coffee cup up fairly quickly, so she had to pour the urine out the window, whilst clenching everything. Hannah pretended not to notice a bit leaking out onto the car mat. After seven rounds of filling the cup, Elodie's bladder was finally empty. "well elodie just pissed in a cup so guess its just me and you left in the fbs"

James

If he was honest, James was enjoying this a little, as he adjusted his cock in the waistband of his boxers so his boner wasn't visible. "How long have you got to go?" he texted back. "Four people ahead of me now," he added. "Who are you texting?" it was Yuzuki, looking refreshed. "Oh just my dad, he wants to know what time I'm back on Boxing Day," he lied. She nodded, "I feel about a stone lighter," she laughed. "Don't," he whimpered as another spurt leaked into his boxers. A reply buzzed on his phone. "You're texting Hannah aren't you?" she glared as she saw the flow of messages at the top of the screen "about twenty minutes, may end up pissing in that cup" "my bladder is so full i look pregnant" 

"Did you piss yet?" Yuzuki's stare was piercing. "Why the fuck would you lie about who you were texting? That's so sus," tears formed in her eyes. "Wait, Yuzuki, it's nothing," James haplessly replied, as she walked off. Every fibre of his being told him he should run after her, but he was seconds away from pissing in his jeans.

Hannah

No reply from James. They were now about ten minutes away, but Hannah was beyond. "Please can we stop at this petrol station?" she begged. "No Hannah, we're nearly there now, you can hold it," her dad responded. "God, I am bursting at the seams," she whispered to herself. "Don't think about waterfalls whatever you do," Elodie smirked. "Sorry, weren't you literally crying because you needed a wee so badly about half an hour ago?" Hannah snapped. "Whatever, I'm not the one who made us late because she was shagging some random," Elodie rolled her eyes. "You're such a fucking rat," Hannah squealed. "That's ENOUGH, girls. I thought we'd grown out of this sort of behaviour, but clearly not. I don't want to hear another word from you until we get there," her dad yelled.

James

The wait for the person in front of him to finish using the urinal was torture. He was pretty sure that you'd be able to see the wet spot on his jeans now, as the longest spurt so far escaped. He was almost in tears of agony, seconds away from relief. The second the urinal was available, James darted, frantically freeing his cock from his boxers, before unleashing the longest stream of pee of his life. He'd never known relief like it. Whilst he was very new to the world of sex, this was better than any orgasm he'd ever had, by far. Once the stream finished, he tucked his penis back into his urine splashed boxers, zipped himself up and washed his hands.

Hannah

A text from James as they pulled up next to her grandma's house. "Just had the best piss of my life." Lucky for some, she thought, the last surviving member of the Full Bladder Squad. "Now don't just dart straight to the toilet when she opens the door," her dad warned. "I wouldn't have to if you'd stopped when I asked," she muttered. She couldn't help but bouncing on the spot whilst they waited for their grandma to answer the door. "Hello, Merry Christmas!" their grandma came out, hugging each of them in turn, Hannah grimacing as her full bladder spasmed. As her grandma gave her a big hug, she felt a dribble of urine leak out. "You okay love?" she asked. "Yes granny, I just really need the loo," Hannah admitted. "Oh dear pet, nothing changes does it. Unfortunately you're going to have to be patient, Dave's been having a bit of tummy trouble," her grandma warned. "Why don't you get settled in your room first then hopefully he'll be out." Hannah nodded, not knowing if she'd last.

James

A series of texts came through as he walked back to the car "good for you" "just arrived, thank god" "my grandad is in the toilet with the shits" "I AM ABOUT TO WEE EVERYWHERE" He put his phone on Do Not Disturb, sensing he needed to be careful with Yuzuki.

Hannah

Hannah clutched her crotch desperately, as Elodie put her suitcase down on the adjacent bed in their shared room. "This is bad, this is bad," she muttered. "What are you doing?" Elodie asked as Hannah frantically looked around the room. "I can't hold it, I'm absolutely desperate," she moaned. "I need to go now." It was then she saw it, a vase with a beautiful set of flowers. "You can't," Elodie glared. "Unless you've got a better idea, please shut up," Hannah cried, a wet patch the size of a 50p coin now visible on the crotch of her grey tracksuit. She removed the flowers, tipped the water out the window, and held the vase to her pussy.

"Don't look you creep," She groaned, as her full bladder exploded into the vase. "Oh fuckkkkkkk," she moaned. A knock on the door, "Are you decent?" her granny asked. "Yes granny," Elodie smirked, before Hannah could protest. Their grandma opened the door, to the site of Hannah urinating violently into the vase. "Oh heavens," she exclaimed, leaving the room immediately. "You little shit," Hannah hissed, her stream showing no sign of stopping. As the stream finally ended, she called out "Sorry granny." "That's okay dear, nothing I haven't seen before. Came to tell you the loo is free, but I expect you don't need that anymore."

*020*2026-02-23 21:43

Chapter Six: January Blues

Hannah

Drizzle decorated the plane window, a sure sign she was back in England. Like everyone else, she turned off airplane mode and checked her messages either. She cycled through WhatsApp, Instagram, X, back to Instagram again. New story from Yuzuki, James at the pub, drinking Guinness, smiling. She gave it a customary like. This prompted her to check her WhatsApps with James. "hey are you okay?" "are you angry with me?" "see you next week xx" James hadn't completely blanked her. He'd wished her a Happy New Year unprompted on the afternoon of January 1st. And he reassured her that he wasn't angry, just busy with work. Hannah had suspicions though. Something was off.

Now at baggage reclaim, she picked up her massive suitcase. Hugged her sister goodbye, Elodie a late replacement for the holiday originally booked for her and Ian. Their mum always told them to try and go away in January, catch some sun to make the bleakest month of the year a little less bleak. After a week in Tenerife of cocktails, reading and relaxing, it was back to reality for both, Elodie back to start a new term at Cambridge, Hannah back to work. She texted James "on my way home x"

James

The message came through on his watch whilst Yuzuki was in the loo. He responded quickly and guiltily "Great, see you soon!", putting his phone back in his pocket as Yuzuki came back. He didn't want to relive Christmas Eve again, the tears, the accusations, the last minute change of plan to spend Christmas Day with his family instead. They made up on Boxing Day, Yuzuki admitting she'd overreacted but also saying in no uncertain terms that he needed to stop spending so much time with Hannah. Since then, he only spoke to her out of politeness, logistics, the normal flatmate things. It made Yuzuki happy, so it made James happy.

"I'll see you tomorrow," Yuzuki kissed him. She was meeting up with some friends, a cinema trip to see some rom-com crap. "See you tomorrow. Don't get the large Pepsi," James laughed. "Hey only one of us had piss stains on our clothes that day," Yuzuki nudged him. "Yeah yeah, love you," James smiled. "Love you too," she kissed him again.

Hannah

She passed the ladies toilets, pausing. She did have to pee. But she didn't want to take her massive coat off, plus she had so many bags with her. Too much faff. Instead she made her way to her train. The Elizabeth Line train arrived, thankfully fairly empty. She took a seat, plonked her bags down and put a podcast on.

James

He stumbled his way to the station, Oxford Circus busy as ever. He looked around, he was pretty sure they didn't have toilets, but he wanted to double check. He did have to go pretty badly, despite going before he left. He'd broken the seal fairly early on, and his final Guinness still rested uncomfortably in his bladder. It baffled him that one of the busiest stations in London didn't have a toilet. He wondered how many tourists a day would find themselves here, in desperate need of a loo, only to find there wasn't one.

Hannah

She finished her bottle of Coke Zero as the train pulled into Liverpool Street. Uncrossing her legs, she stood up. Standing up made her all the more aware of the fullness of her bladder. Lugging her suitcase up the stairs put even more strain on her bladder. Normally she hated men offering to lift her suitcase for her but she'd have welcomed it on this occasion.

James

Standing room only on the tube, typical. He was pretty desperate for a wee now. He crossed his legs tightly, silently praying that the journey would be quick. A text came in from Hannah. "are you going to be home? think my keys are at the bottom of the suitcase" He typed up a quick reply. "Should be home by 6:30 will that be okay?" The replies came instantly: "perf thank you" "dying for a wee" He felt the usual tingle in his penis.

Hannah

She was hemmed in uncomfortably on the Northern line train, trying her best to distract herself from her now urgent need. She'd had to pee since the plane. But she hated peeing on planes. Ever since she ended up covered in piss after sudden turbulence on a long haul flight to India, she'd avoided using them. She remembered a 17 hour journey from Abu Dhabi to Melbourne where she actually wondered if her bladder was going to burst. A reply from James "Classic Hannah 😆"

James

The train pulled in to Clapham Common station. James resisted the urge to hold his crotch as he waited for the tube door to open. This may be a duck into an alleyway job, he thought, absolutely desperate to urinate. A familiar voice called out as he exited the train. "Hey stranger!" It was Hannah, massive suitcase in tow. "Hey," he smiled, hugging his flatmate. "Good journey?" "Yes but let's get home before I wet my knickers."

Hannah

Conversation was stilted. His answers to enquiries about how he'd been gave the conversation little room for growth. He showed no interest in following up any of her tales about their holiday.

James

He appreciated Hannah's attempts at conversation but all he could really think about was using the toilet. Not that he'd admitted this to Hannah left. He supposed he'd have to let her go first.

Hannah

"I need a wee so badly," she moaned. "How bad are we talking?" James asked. So now he wants to make conversation... "About an 8 or a 9 on the scale. I've drank so much water today but haven't been to the loo since the airport." "You might have the smallest bladder of anyone I know," James laughed. "That is not true!" she protested. "Come on Hannah, I've never known someone who has to pee as much as you." "That's not because I have a small bladder, it's because I just forget to go until I'm busting."

James

He looked longingly at the alleyway. Only a few minutes from home at least. He was bursting now, and knowing he was so close to a toilet was making things worse.

Hannah

Hannah loaded her suitcase into the lift. "Are you not coming with me?" she asked as James tried to head up the stairs. "Erm, I wasn't going to," he called down. "Pleaseeeee I hate getting this lift by myself," she begged. "Urgh fine," he joined her.

James

The lift was like something from a horror movie to be fair. They only really used it when they went shopping, even though they lived on the sixth floor. Anyway, he'd probably get to the bathroom quicker using the lift.

Hannah

"Come on come on," she moaned as the lift was slow to jump into action. The lift creaked, moving off the ground floor, agonisingly slow. Somewhere in between the fifth and sixth floor, the lights flickered, an awful sound filled their ears, and THUD. The lift stopped dead.

James

"Oh shit," James muttered, now gently swaying to contain his desperation. "Okay okay let's not panic." "Easy for you to say, you're not about to piss yourself," Hannah moaned. "That's not entirely accurate," he admitted, crossing his legs. "Oh?" Hannah raised an eyebrow. "I've been drinking Guinness all afternoon," he reasoned. "Oh this can't be happening, I'm so desperate," she looked like she was going to hyperventilate. "Let me call the helpline," James typed in the numbers.

Hannah

"Bad news, they said it's going to be at least half an hour until they can get here. Can you wait that long?" he asked. "I guess I have no choice," Hannah squirmed.

James

Silence again. And for the next ten minutes, apart from Hannah occasionally remarking how close she was to wetting herself. "Okay, what's going on with you at the moment?" she asked. "What do you mean?" James replied. "Oh come on, you've been so distant since Christmas," she cried. "Nothing, I've been busy," he responded. "James," she reprimanded him. "We're stuck in here for at least twenty minutes and I'm going to wee myself unless something distracts me."

Hannah

James sighed. "It's not you." Hannah scoffed. He continued "Yuzuki can be a little... jealous of our friendship. She told me I needed to stop texting you all the time or else she was going to leave." "For fuck's sake James," her eyes filled with tears. "You have to understand, this is all new to me. I love her, Hannah. I would do anything for her," his eyes also glistening. "I know but you've got to see that's unreasonable. We're just friends, how can she not see that?" "You can't blame her, with Simon cheating on her all those times." "So what, we just spend the rest of the year not talking to each other?" "It doesn't have to be that way. We can still be friends, it's just I need to make sure Yuzuki is my number one," he hugged her. Hannah nodded. "You know I love you. As a friend," she smiled. "I love you too."

James

His bladder was burning, urine desperate to exit. Desperate. He squirmed, resorting to clutching his penis to avoid a drop coming out. "I'm not sure I can last much longer," he admitted. "Now who has a small bladder," Hannah teased him. "Genuinely, I'm bursting, have you got a bottle I could use?"

Hannah

Why am I wet? she thought, undeniably turned on by the sight of James squirming, clutching his cock in desperation. The way that word left his mouth "bursting". "I actually do," she fished out an empty bottle in her bag. "How much do you want it?"

James

A spurt escaped. "Hannah, please," he begged.

Hannah

She felt sorry for him. And incredible aroused. And on the verge of pissing herself too. "Admit you have a smaller bladder than me?" she teased. "Okay fine, whatever," he responded, snatching the water bottle.

James

He couldn't unzip quick enough. As soon as his cock was safely positioned in the water bottle, he released. "Fuckkkkkkk," he moaned, his bladder emptying.

Hannah

This was torture. She was so horny. She was so desperate. A leak escaped, her panties now damp with piss and arousal. The sound of James peeing almost sent her over the edge, in both ways. She turned round, accidentally glimpsing his cock.

James

He was pretty sure Hannah just saw his cock. Not that he really cared at this point. The bottle filled up to the brim, his bladder still with plenty more to give. Reluctantly, he halted the stream, putting the lid back on. A dribble of piss leaked down his trousers before he finally controlled himself.

Hannah

"I can't take this much longer," Hannah cried. "I'm so bursting." At that moment, the lift shook, prompting another involuntary release of urine from Hannah. She clutched herself, as the lift started to move up. "Keys," she demanded from James.

James

He handed the keys, as the lift reached the top. Hannah dashed past the engineer stood at the top of the lift, James left to awkwardly move her suitcase from the lift. "Don't worry, you'd be amazed how often I see that sort of thing," the engineer laughed, pointing at James's bottle of piss. He nodded, muttering a 'thank you'.

Hannah

Inside the flat, she sprinted to the toilet. Ripping off her coat, she rushed in, yanking her tracksuit bottoms down. She moaned as her bladder emptied, not initially noticing that she hadn't taken her panties off. Her pink panties now sodden with what felt like a never ending torrent of piss.

James

He stumbled into the flat, still desperate to pee. He hurried over to the bathroom, seeing the door open.

Hannah

Not only had she forgotten to take her panties off, she also forgot to close the door. She didn't realise this till she heard a muffled "I'm so sorry."

James

He couldn't believe what he'd just seen. Hannah sat on the toilet, wetting her panties. The sounds she was making, it sounded like she was about to cum. He yelped his apologies, before retreating to the hallway. He could still hear her stream, his cock now rock hard.

Hannah

Her stream finally finished. She removed her panties, now desperate to deal with her other need. She poked her head through the door, "Hey, sorry about that... I'm going to take a quick shower, do you want to pee first?"

James

"I can wait," James replied, now unable to think of anything other than his erection. "I'll be in my room."

Hannah

Hannah nodded, barely registering his response. Shower on, she fully undressed. As soon as she stepped in, she used the shower head to stimulate one of the best orgasms of her life.

James

Sat on his bed, he furiously jerked himself off. On a constant loop in his head, the image of Hannah sat there, pissing her knickers on the toilet.

