WO 113: Continence managment (A world where women aren`t potty trained) - Page 2

Author: Noface

*027*2020-01-19 09:54

Ok as anyone who is or was a fan of this will realize I haven’t been uploading lately. Long story short I lost interest for a while. I was never a huge fan of diaper stuff and what little interest i had was lost because of a sadistic fan fiction involving a character I like, it wasn’t on this site and I wouldn’t kink shame if it was but let’s just say it angered what little interest there was out of me.

But I want to finish this story. I like the characters and in a weird way it feels wrong to leave it unresolved because f the character arc involved. So there’ll probably be 3 more chapters and maybe a side story or two and that’s it. I’ve trimmed the fat to what needs to happen for it to end the way I want. So this should hopefully be done soon. Feel free to leave your suggestions for what characters and situations you want to appear in the side stories or future chapters, i’m willing to accept accept suggestions if one is better than what I had in mind. Also im writing this entirely on my phone now so the formatting is gonna be fucked and sorry if a plot hole happens

Chapter 5

Amber hurriedly stacked dishes beside the sink. Her work day at the bar Typhoon was coming to all to welcome end. She uncomfortably fidgeted from foot too foot, crossing her legs every few seconds. “47.” She murdered under her breath.

“Yo, quittin time!” Shouted a busty black haired woman that looked around Amber’s age with a tattoo of a snake’s tail going up her thigh and vanishing under her skimpy shorts from the door to the kitchen.

”Oh thank god!” She yelled as she ran past her to the bathroom at back of the building. All of the customers has filtered out leaving her alone with one other worker. She felt the familiar sensation of nether regions starting to quiver and weaken. “Come on come on you can make it.” She though to herself. She shoved her hand in between her legs as she shoved the door open. She ran too a stall that was missing a door and hiked up her skirt. “Just three more seconds!” She thought out loud. She felt the eminent failure of her muscles coming as she yanked down the thin training panties around her waist, tearing the waistband in the process. As soon as she sat down, she felt the flood she had kept inside her for nearly the past hour rush out like a geyser. “48.” She sighed to herself in relief.

“You know kid it’s a good thing the customers are gone because this is the men’s room.” The black haired woman said as she walked through the door.

Amber blushed and leaned forward. “Well the woman’s changing room has one toilet and it’s far away from the door, I was in a rush.”

“That was, what, the fifth bathroom break today? I though you just diarrhea or something. What was that counting about?” She asked with a slight drunken slur in her voice.

“You heard that? Well...” she thought to herself as her stream of piss came to and end. “I’ve started counting how many minutes I can go without a bathroom break once I feel the urge. 48 is my record.” She said with some degree of pride. Not a month ago she had trouble even realizing when her bladder was full and now she had gone almost a week since having having to change her training panties because she had sprung a leak. She still had problems with partial wettings or having to rush to the bathroom, but it had been two weeks since she had a full accident during the day.

“I know as efficient as you with normal diapers but that’ll change soon.” She said smugly. Her train of though was interrupted when she saw the woman unbuttoning her shorts. “Don’t you think it would be better to do that in the changing room Chloe, it has a table?” Her eyes when wide when she saw her shorts slide down slightly revealing a pair of men’s boxers.

”Of ya don’t mind the sound of you poppin the cork like that is makin me need to piss. I’ll just go hear.” She said with the same mild slur in her voice as before. She turned around to face the urinals on the opposite wall and let out a sigh, followed by the sound of slashing against porcelain. “Ah, that’s better.”

Amber shot up and adjusted her skirt. “Wait Wait, she hasn’t had a bathroom break all day. She never does. I thought she was in a diaper.”

”Anyway i’m happy for ya. Not a lot of other women I’ve met potty train themselves so it’s nice to meet another. But you might want to drink a little less because all those breaks are pissing me off, i’m not suppose to run this dive by myself you know.” She stood there for over a minute with Amber awkwardly watching.

She felt like leaving but it was like watching a train wreck, she wanted to see exactly how long was going to stand there for. It was a good while before the torrent finally came to and end and Chloe finally buttoned her shorts back up. “And it looks like someone else is better at this than I am.” Amber said under her breath.

”Anyway, Let’s get going. I’m driving.” She said as she drunkenly walked out of the bathroom.

”No! We carpooled and I am not letting a drunk girl drive. Besides aren’t you young for drinking?” Amber interjected.

”Look If im old enough to serve it im old enough to drink it when all these whining customers aren’t keeping me busy. Besides I’ve had a hell of a week and I need something to forget it. But if you want to drive then be my guest.”

The two of them piled into Amber’s old ford and pulled out of the driveway. “So... When did you do continence training? I thought you never sent to college.” Amber said awkwardly.

”Don’t you think that’s a odd question between coworkers?” Chloe said with her head rubbing the side of her head.

“Well you walked in on me i’m the bathroom and pissed in front of me so I think it’s on parr with the rest of this evening.” Amber said as she adjusted the radio station to a local pop station.

Chloe reached down and changed it again to a station playing heavy metal. “Let me listen to my beats and I’ll tell you.”

”Fine.” Amber said as she turned the volume down.

”Nothin too much to say. When I was 13 my mom died. I had two brothers and lived with my dad so I was the only one that wore em.”

“I’m sorry.” Amber interrupted. “If you don’t want to talk any more I understand.”

“Don’t be sorry, she was a crack whore that ODed in front of me. Moving in with my dad was the best thing to ever happen to me. Anyway back to the story.” She said bluntly. “So I got tired of being the only one that had to powder my ass while my brothers could just piss in the pot so I started teaching myself how to hold it. Took me about a year and a half total before I got it. Haven’t pissed myself without alcohol involved since I was 15ish.”

“15?!” Amber shouted. “I thought it was impossible for us to do that until we hit 17? Also how did you use the... whatever that thing in the men’s room is called?”

”Urinal? Oh that. That’s something I taught myself to do because finding a changing room with a toilet was a pain in the ass until, like, a year ago. The boxers are because panties feel like shit, they’re all either padded or frilly and men’s are cheaper anyway.”

Amber tried to think of another question when she saw the cars in front of her slow and come to a gradual stop. “Traffic Jam!” She shouted in annoyance. “Oh well, hopefully it won’t take too...” She rested her hand on her skirt and remembered what happened earlier. “Shit!” She shouted.

”What?”

”My panties tore earlier, i’m going commando right now.” She said with concern in her voice.

“So?”

”So I drank a crapload of water a while before I peed earlier and it wouldn’t have made its way through my system yet.” She yanked out her phone to check how long it had been. “Two hours. Oh crap...”

”Stop worrying and drive, don’t think about it.” Chloe said as she leaned back and closed her eyes.

Amber hastily looked around her car. Her eyes fell on a pack of bulky diapers like the ones she slept I she had had since before the semester and kept in her car for emergencies. “Why didn’t a bring more of the training panties!” She thought to herself. “I really don’t want to wear one of those. It’s ok, I’ll get home before I have to put one on. Everything will be fine.”

The two of them had been setting in slowly moving traffic for the better part of an hour. Chloe has fallen asleep and Amber was beginning to feel a all to familiar pressure building. “Fuck! Why does this have to happen now? That’s it! No more drinking anything for the last two hours of my shift.” She thought to herself. This feeling festered for another 10 minutes, then 15, then 25, all while the cars in front of her refused to make any noticeable movement. She fidgeted and scanned around her. She saw that Chloe was asleep and her eyes locked in on the protection in her back seat. “I really don’t want to piss my seat.”

She reached back and grabbed a bulky diaper out of the pack. The sight of it made her feel small. She had successfully avoided using them for a couple weeks now, outside of when she slept. For all her efforts with alarms and waking up early she still hadn’t managed to find a way to have a uninterrupted night’s sleep without them. She opened it up and sat it between the back of her skirt and her but before returning to a sitting position. “Just encase.” She though to herself. “I won’t close it, I’ll just have it there Incase I leak.”

They sat there for another 5 minutes before a surge of desperation blew through her. She grabbed at the front of the diaper and pulled it to her skin in fear of a leak appearing. She held herself through it for a coupe seconds before a short spurt escaped. “No! No! Stop! Please.” She pleaded to herself as the short leak came to and end. She looked down to inspect it. “At least it’s a small one. It’s only been 30 minutes, I should be able to hold it longer.” She thought to herself as she clinched her legs together, keeping her foot on the break.

Another 5 minutes passed, followed by a pair of small spurts that she was blue to intercept with the diaper under her. “Fuck fuck. I’m gonna wet myself at this rate. I can’t let myself do that.” She whined internally. Just as she had all but resigned herself to a full accident, the card started moving again. “Thank god!” She said aloud. She took her hand off her crotch and put both on the steering wheel. She crossed her legs as best she could while still driving. She sped down the bumpy road leading to her dorm. She hit a speed bump at full force, sending a shock through her body. She pulled the diaper back up to her just as another small jet of piss escaped. “Come on you can make it.” She hastily pulled into her dorm’s driveway.

”Hey, aren’t you gonna take me back first?” A newly awake Chloe asked.

“Need to make a pot stop first!” She yelled as she ran out the car doors. She made her way down the illuminated walkway with her left hand slammed between her legs while her right hand fished through her pockets for her key’s. “Come on come on come on, you’re at the finish line girl!” She said to herself. She fiddled with the door knob until it turned and threw the door open. She slammed both hands into her crotch and ran through the door as the hardest wave of desperation so far hit her. Before she could think, she saw Rebecca round the He corner from her room into the common room. She instinctively pulled her hands out and assumed a neutral stance in a attempt to appear as if nothing was wrong.

”Hello, well you look like you’ve had a fun night.” She said sarcastically with a nail file in her hand.

Amber felt a massive wave of desperation crash over her. She felt her body quiver briefly. She clinched her newly trained kegal muscles like a vice and tried to resist the temptation to hold herself. “Just fine, now if you excuse me I need to go get something from my room.” She said with a fake smirk. She walked up the stairs as fast as she could manage, keeping her stance as neutral and unassuming as possible to not give Rebecca the satisfaction of seeing her squirm.

She kept her muscles clinched to the point of exhaustion as she entered her room. She immediately shot her hands down before pausing. She remembered how she stopped herself just a few moments before. Her bladder began to scream for relief again louder than it had before. “I can hold it. I know I can hold it. I don’t need my hands.” She said calmly to herself. She parted her legs slowly and made her way to the bathroom. She kicked up the lid of the toilet so hard that it moved the seat up as well.

She stared to adjust it so she could finally get the release she had sought for so long before pausing. Her mind returned to the memory of seeing Chloe pissing in the bathroom. “If she can do it, why can’t I?” She thrust her hips forward and put both hands on her hips. The second she did, a stream of golden piss erupted from her. It flew as a cohesive stream for less than a second before it started breaking apart into a gushing waterfall that cascaded downward into her legs. “Shit!” She shouted before sitting down on the toilet backwards, allowing the rest to flow into it. “Well, now I just need to clean off and take her home. That was a stupid idea.” She sighed to herself. “

*028*2020-01-19 10:14

With that post done is like to make another reply just to add to what I said about the side stories. The ones that came to mind are a story involving the CM teacher and Amber’s mother when they were in college, another story about daisy and her figuring things out, a story about Rebecca’s desperation, a story about one or both of the girls that sat next to Amber In the CM class, a story Amber and her mom, a story about Chloe either past or present, or something else? I had panned on making all of these but like I said I trimmed the story down.

*031*2020-01-21 09:29

Side Story 2: Trip to the Mall

Rose, Nico, and Amber has already finishes their weekly meeting in the Continence Management class and we’re just eating the other girls slowly filter towards the front desk while they waited for the bell to ring. “While do we even need to be here now?” Rose groaned. “90% sure most of us already have the hang of it. This really shouldn’t be that long.”

”Oh it’s not that bad, at least it gives us an excuse to see each other.” Nico said as she pulled the two into a awkward hug.

“The lest they could do is let us test out early. I was only thrown into this class because I wet the bed once when I tried to test out of it, I haven’t done that since the beginning of the semester.” Rose growled.

“Yeah.” Amber said trying to disguise her own discomfort at that statement.

The bell range, signaling for all the girls to get up and leave. “Thank god, I’ve got better things to do with my weekend than sit around in here.” Rose said as she walked out the door.

“What do you guys have planned exactly?” Asked Nico.

”Nothing but that’s better than this.” Rose said.

“I was just going to go shopping, my lab top charger got fried and I need a new one.” Said Amber.

“Well, why don’t we go to the mall then?” Nico asked.

Rose looked back for a second. “Eh, I’ve got nothing better to do.” She walked away from the bathroom door and back towards them.

”Ok, it had the closest electronics shop anyway.”

”Great!” Nico said as she grabbed the two of them by the shoulders. “I’ll drive!” She said as she produced a set of keys with a uncountable number of key chains, each holding some kind of pop-culture imagery ranging from the familiar to things that were obviously from the deepest corners of weebdom.

The three of them rushed to the parking lot and stuffed themselves into a car covered in more stickers and decorations than they had seen on a functioning vehicle before. She drove of the school grounds and hurried to the towns mall. Most malls had seen better times, having businesses leave or fail frequently and inevitably closing down, but Pinecrest was an exception, being the sort of mall that was build so big in the beginning that it only got more business as the others faltered and managing to stay afloat. They ran from store to store getting what they needed and several things they didn’t. They three of them might not have that much in common but seeing each other frequently had given them something to talk about even if it was only the stuff about the school that made them all angry.

“This was fun guys! Let’s get something to eat and I’ll show you to my favorite store in this place!”

”Oh i’m starving, I skipped breakfast this morning.” Amber said.

“I could eat.” Rose said.

They walked to the food court, got some food from a burger place, and sat down for a meal. “American food is so greasy, American restaurant chains back home aren’t half this bad.” Nico said.

“Yeah. But hey, a burger is a burger. And there’s are pretty good.” Amber said before taking a sip from her unusually small soda cup.

”Why did you get a kid size drink?” Rose asked.

”Because I don’t like drinking too much when i’m out now. The changing rooms here have, like, one stall and seven people waiting to use it.” Amber said.

”Same problem in Japan, that’s why I still have my diaper on.” Nico said.

”Wait. You’ve gone this far in the class and you’re still wearing one, the full sized and not the training panties I mean?” Amber asked

“Yeah. I mean I usually don’t use it unless i’m near a changing room but i’m not going to wait thirty minutes just to pee when I can just go and change afterwards while everyone else is doing a potty dance. I can hold it as long as I need too. Besides they’re more comfortable to me.” Nico said as she patted the side of her white and pink skirt.

“Well you might want to break that habit.” Rose interjected. “To pass the class you need to spend all of finals week dry, they make you wear that stupid alarm thing and training panties to make sure you aren’t cheating.”

”Wait that’s how it works?” Amber asked. “I was wondering how the final worked. How do they know?”

”Those alarms are hooked up to a network. They can tell when you’re wearing them and when they’re wet. You can only have them off for an hour and a half at Max a day without an exception. That’s how I failed when I tried testing out before school started. I drank a Gatorade before bed on night five and woke up damp and needing a piss. Rose said.

After hearing this Amber began to worry. “What if I can’t stop wetting the bed before then?” She thought to herself.

”Anyway, who are you guys taking to the winter formal?” Nico asked enthusiastically.

”Im not going, my boyfriend is back home and couldn’t afford to fly out.” Rose said.

”Oh that. I haven’t asked anyone. Honestly I haven’t thought about it.” Amber said.

“Well you could always just go and ask a boy there to dance. A lot of guys are doing that I’ve heard.” Nico said.

“Maybe... I don’t know. I don’t want to stand around in the corner all night.” Amber said.

“Besides isn’t that more of a high school thing.” Rose said.

“It’s a tradition here isn’t it. The school has been doing it for a long time. Plus it isn’t something I got to do in Japan so I want to do it.” Said Nico.

A pair of college students walked by while they were talking and stopped. “Oh look it’s Primrose. I’d stop and talk to you but Gwraa i’m to busy Grrre choking Phraa.” she said while holding her throat. They walked off with a laugh.

Nico made a angry scowl. “What was that about?”

“Is this because of the game last week?” Amber asked.

”What do you think? Of course it is. I’ve been catching shit over that all week.” Rose said.

”What happened?” Nico asked.

”The Goalie had tripped and I had a easy shot. I missed it and we ended up loosing the game because of it.” Rose growled.

“Hey look at the bright side, you’ve scored more than any first year in the team’s history. That has to count for something.” Amber said comfortingly.

“Yeah, im also the only first year on the team. I’m in competition with, like, three people for that title total.”

“Come on, you’re a beast before fourth quarter. Everyone knows that.” Amber said. “You just tend to get a bit shaky when things go into over time like that game did.”

Nico tried to make sense of the terminology before speaking as to not make herself sound stupid. “Why do you have trouble after fourth quarter?”

Rose let out a slightly embarrassed sigh. “Because I always drink a lot to keep in shape for the game. I can’t go with other people in ear shot and the bathroom walls are thin so I just wait until after the game when I can get some privacy. I usually don’t have a problem until around fourth quarter.”

”Yikes. Sorry about that. Didn’t that game go thirty minutes into over time?” Amber asked.

“Exactly. I felt like I was about to piss myself the whole time. And if I do that I get kicked from the team. So my brain went to mush and I choked hard.” She shifted her setting position uncomfortably.

Amber looked down at her now empty drink. “This has me feeling like I need a pit stop. I’ll be back in a second.” She said as she walked towards the changing room near the food court, which had a unusually short line for this time of day.

Rose stood up herself, causing her knees to spring close to each other. “Maybe I should go too, I’ll go last.”

”Yeah. I should probably go too, otherwise I might have to go in the car and I don’t like setting in that.” Nico said.

They filtered into a slow moving line of women that mostly looked around their age or slightly older. Most of them seemed composed save for a couple girls that were fidgeting and shifting their weight from heel to heel and a young girl standing in front of them that looked to be around 15 who had her legs crossed. Other women of different ages walked by them into the changing stalls and left almost of quickly. “You’d think in a city like this that they’d have more than one toilet for women.” Rose quipped.

“I wish they did, I’ve been looking for one for almost twenty minutes. I never realized how long these lines could get.” Said the poor girl in front of them.

They stood in line for several minutes as the line slowly moved towards the stall they were waiting for. A few other girls lined up behind Rose as she inched closer to her goal. Nico was beginning to fidget slightly but Amber remained mostly composed. Things stayed like this until the sound of falling water came from a few places in front of them. One of the older girls who had been fidgeting gasped as a stream of water fell from beneath her skirt. She blushed and ran into one of the changing booths. The girl that was standing in front of Amber shot her hands between her legs.

”That’s it, im not waiting any more. Aaahhhh...” Nico said as a muffled hiss emanated from under her dress. She slowly walked over to the changing booths, not waiting to close the door before undoing the tape and letting her diaper fall to the ground with a loud squish. “Brb guys!” She slammed the door to the booth shut.

Rose presses her knees together. “Why didn’t I go at the school.” She said under her breath.

“Thank goodness I didn’t put this off.” Amber said under her breath. She looked behind her and saw the shape Rose was in. “Do you want to skip ahead of me?”

Rose adjusted her posture to look more normal before speaking. “No you go ahead.”

The line reached the ending before the girl standing front of them ran in. They stood there for a few seconds before they heard a satisfied sigh and a loud hissing. Rose shifted on her feet again before she walked out, looking oddly proud of herself, the same way Amber and Rose did the first time they managed to make it to the bathroom when they were desperate.

“You sure you don’t want to go before me?” Amber said as she opens the door.

“Just go already, I’ll be fine.”

Amber shut the door as Rose began prancing in place uncomfortably, resisting the urge to hold herself. “I really need to stop putting this off.”

After a few seconds Amber emerged looking relieved. Rose practically shoved her out of the way as a small spurt escaped her. She undid her belt and slammed herself down on the toilet. She looked down to see a small wet spot on her training panties that were thankfully lacking the alarm that came with them. “Guess it’s a good thing I wore those.” She though to herself. She leaned back squeezed hard. “Come on, you were coming out by accident a second ago.” She kept squeezing and stressing her muscles trying to free the piss pent up inside her for nearly a minute to no avail.

She heard a loud knocking coming from the door. “Hurry up in there!”

Rose kept trying to force it out of her. “Come on out!” She thought to herself as the though of all the people outside listening ran through her head.

”Here!” Shouted the voice of Nico from outside as a phone with ear buds styled after a anime character came flying over the top of the door and into her lap. “Just put those in!”

”I guess it couldn’t hurt.” She thought to herself before putting them in her ears. The sound was a recording of a waterfall mixed the a rainstorm that drowned out the sound of shuffling outside. The sound sent a pang if desperation through her as she took a deep breath and relaxed herself. With a few deep breaths her dam broke, allowing her torrent to escape her. She let out a long sigh as it finally came to an end. She stood up and pulled her pants and slightly spiked panties up before tightening her belt. She walked out and strode triumphantly to the sink to wash her hands. She pulled the ear buds out and tossed the phone back to her friend. “Thanks Nico.”

*032*2020-01-21 11:05

Yeah this one could use a better title. I wanted the titles of the side stories to be puns but nothing came to mind. If you have a better idea then tell me and I might change it retroactively. Either way, this probably could have been its own chapter instead of a side story but here we go. There’s probably only going to be one more side story before the end so feel free to tell me what you want for it im open to ideas. As it stands it’s probably going to be a flashback to Amber’s mother and the teacher and their time potty training before the class existed, but if I see a better idea I’ll go with that.

Here’s a rundown of the characters that could have their own side story at present and some info about them. For convenience I’ll stat them out of ten with 1 being Amber at the beginning of the series and 10 being the average real world human. Keeping in mind that less than a 10 doesn’t meant they wet themselves and just that they need to pee more frequently. The night score refers to how much they can hold before waking up or pissing. Sub 8 means they have to watch how much they drink or they might have to wake up and rush to the bathroom quickly to avoid a accident, sub 5 means they wet the bed at least somewhat often.

Amber: Mostly continent during the day with a level of bladder control that lets her stay dry most of the time, but still prone to accidents when she has to wait too long and has a bed wetting problem that’s gotten worse since this began. She manages to stay dry at night on average one night a week without something like a alarm to wake her up half way through, which disrupts her sleep schedule and she often sleeps through.

Day 7.5/10

Night .5/10

Daisy: Still not good at this. At the current point of the story, a little over mid semester, she still wears a full sized diaper and has trouble making it on time. She’s a little better than Amber was at the very beginning. She might not pass

Day 3/10

Night 1/10

Rose: Pee Shy but pretty good on the bladder control front. If she isn’t drinking a lot she can hold it half the day without too much trouble.

Day 8/10

Night 8/10

Nico: Despite everything she’s actually not bad. She has the best bladder control out of all the students but just doesn’t care enough to hold it if she doesn’t have too. She also has a diaper fetish. Basically she’s fully potty trained but doesn’t care

Day 10(4.5)/10

Night 10(4.5)/10

Rebecca: She’s been using underwear exclusively for about three years so she’s not one for leaking, but she also has the same problem a lot of women in this universe have of just having naturally weaker bladders until they hit their early 20s. So she excuses herself to pee more often than she needs too because she’s afraid of pissing herself. She makes sure not to drink before bed for this reason

Day 8.5/10

Night 7.5/10

Chloe: A twenty something that’s been potty trained for the better part of ten years. She taught herself to pee standing and isn’t too shy to tell someone else how if she has enough alcohol in her system.

Day 12/10

Night 12/10

Clara: The CM teacher. She had a “complicated” relationship with Amber’s mother when they were in college. She never really got over it but she enjoys her job as a teacher and took the position to teach this class in addition to her nursing classes because of memories she had from when Amber’s mother tried to get every woman at the school out of diapers.

Day 10/10

Night 10/10

Ruby: Amber’s mother. A lawyer and over bearing mother that’s partially responsible for this class becoming mandatory in the first place. She has a ego problem and wanted to brag about having a perfect daughter.

Day: 10/10

Night: 4.5/10

*036*2020-01-22 00:56

{{8 hours ago, TheIrreverend said:

I'd love to read a side story about Daisy, or Amber and her mom!

This is one of the best stories I've read on this site, so thank you for putting so much time and effort into it!

}}

Thanks. I’m not exactly sure how to approach doing something with Amber and her mother. The two of them don’t see eye to eye right now. I would be tempted to do something set during one of the times Amber was being potty trained but I think that could go dangerously close to violating the sites rules about minors if i’m not carful. Either way I want to do something with her mother at some point though depending on the time frame it could be anything from her walking around in piss soaked jeans for a day to protest not having enough women’s bathrooms on campus to her bed wetting problem that never went away. Daisy would be easier but I’d be worried about retreading ground from the first side story if she didn’t have a different costar. So if you have any ideas for either let me know.

Also if you like my work I have another story on my profile involving a mermaid and a reddit account that posts non-fetish specific stuff if that interests you.

