Lara, Nakasette, and Sara

Author: nakasette

*000*2021-01-29 03:53

Another odd sequel in the cannon or whatever it is I've made up, we're kind of jumping around in time so don't pay too much attention to continuity errors, just relax and go with the flow (bad pun i know)

A loud splashing sound filled the small bathroom as I began releasing my very full bladder into the toilet in front of me. About ten seconds passed and I was just about to let my shoulders slump in relief when all of a sudden I heard the command "Alright, that's enough, stop peeing." Lara spoke in an authoritative tone as she stood there, arms folded across her chest watching my gushing member. "Hrngh" I grunted as I summoned up all my willpower and muscle control and managed to stem the flow to just a couple drips. "Hah... hah... how's that?" I asked through strained breaths, my bladder was protesting the stop in relief but I held firm. "Hmmm" she hummed still keeping her eyes trained on my penis, she looked up to meet my gaze and finally said "Now you're getting the hang of it." With a mischievous smirk. "Ok, go ahead and start again." Without hesitating i began to blast the water in front of me even harder this time with a jet of urine.

"Stop." She commanded. I strained again and halted the flow. "Ugh, come on that was barely a second." I complained. "I know, but this is the only way to train your bladder to get used to stopping and starting at will." She knelt down until she was eye level with my lower half. I stared down at her, her ample cleavage was very much on display in her small white tank top. She reached out a hand and lightly took my dick into her hand and said "It's all going according to plan, you may resume." While I was slightly stiffening feeling her handle me it did not impede the stream that desperately wanted out of me. She aimed me around to a fro, listening to the changes in pitch where urine met water. I noticed she started aiming closer and closer to the edge, but just before she could angle it so I would be missing the toilet altogether I stopped once again.

"Your reactions are getting quite good." She said as she boldly aimed my dick right at her face. I clenched hard to prevent even a drop from slipping out. "Be careful," I commented "You're playing with fire there." She smiled, "Am I? I suppose you're right, well I'm not really in need of a shower soooo." She gently aimed me back in range of the toilet and I finally got back to pissing a river. She stood up and wandered behind me, pressing herself into my back as she put her arms around me. "My but you can PEE when you have to." She remarked. She wasn't kidding, I'd been holding this all day. She squeezed my midsection and felt my bladder still about half full, the pressure she was exerting caused my stream to pick up just a bit. "Hold it." She said softly. I stopped. "Release, hold it, release." She alternated and with each command i was able to start and stop until finally she let me finish in peace. "All done?" She asked. "Good, this was the best performance yet, you're ready."

We had hatched a plan a few weeks ago after Lara told me the story of how she learned the start and stop technique and I was intrigued after seeing her demonstrate her control. Never before in my life had I worried about stopping a pee, I never had to worry since I'd always managed to hold it until I could let the whole thing go at once. Anyway I told Lara about how I met Sara and what we got up to most nights at the track. How I'd sneak under the bleachers to take a leak and Sara would wait till I was done before adding her own supply to the puddle.

Sometimes a little more... urgently than others. I saw a spark in her eyes as she realized this could be a perfect chance at revenge on her younger sister. And so the training began, every couple nights whenever Sara had the late shift I'd come over to the Waters household. (what? I never established a last name before? It's Sara and Lara Waters, yes boo all you want) Once I gotten there, still holding a very full bladder Lara and I would go to her bathroom and she would coach me on her technique. The plan would be to see what would happen to poor Sara if right when she thought she was about to get relief after a long day it was abruptly snatched away from her? She'd had her fun teasing both Lara and I, now we'd get to see it from the other side.

The first couple nights were the hardest as no matter what she did i had a terrible time stopping my stream once it got going. The second night she tried to surprise me by pulling up her shirt letting her two generous breasts fall down, but having an erection never stopped me before as I stared wide eyed at the display, still peeing just as forcefully. The third night she tried going before me, making me watch as she sat on the toilet, legs slightly open pouring her pee out as I squirmed.

"Clench." She stated and her stream slowed to a few drops, pausing for a few seconds.

"And release." She announced as she began to go again. "See how i don't even have to cross my legs?" She said, opening her legs wider, giving me a better view of her still going pussy as she stopped again. Finally the fourth night we had a breakthrough as I managed to stem a flow, but only for a few seconds and only twice in a stream. The fifth and sixth nights came and went and little by little I continued to improve. The eighth night was a bit of a debacle, having grown confident in my abilities she started to play around a bit more, she was really getting into controlling another person's bladder it seemed, anyway during a break in the stream she knelt down beside me and pointed my penis towards her, all of a sudden my hold crumbled and I began to spray her chest with hot urine, I apologized vehemently as I directed the pee back into the toilet but the damage was done.

"Ugh, guess that's what I deserve, I was having a bit too much fun with this." She said stripping off her now soaked shirt. "Guess I'll need a shower before Sara gets home, but not that kind." She said now topless as I eyed her, unable to avert my gaze. "So are you a boob guy or..." she smiled folding her arms across her chest. "I think I can figure it out." She said, taking my free hand and putting it up to her glistening chest. I was pissing through a rock hard election at this point, I'm sure my whole body was as red as a beet. After that night the tenth and eleventh sessions improved further until the twelfth session that we opened the story with.

Next we waited till we knew Sara's favorite juice was on sale, she couldn't resist having a bottle or two during the day and she'd be full to bursting by the time she got to the track. The stars were aligned that weekend, Lara took off work early that particular evening so she could watch the whole thing unfold, she had found a spot before hand on the bleachers themselves that both hid her and gave her a birds eye view of the situation. I'd made sure to fill myself nicely just like any other time as I made my way under the bleachers. Also from the corner of my eye saw Sara sneak over to her usual spectator area, she fidgeted just a bit more than usual letting me know the stage was set as she anxiously awaited her turn.

"Oh I hope he's quick today, I've got to go real bad." Sara thought to herself "But I swear nothing turns me on more than watching that boy pee long and hard... that slight nervous glance he does as he looks around, carefully pulling his shorts down just enough to pull his penis out and let loose. The way he sighs and shivers all over when it's a really bad one, and I do love the feeling of letting it all out myself..." she shuddered, putting a hand down to hold herself. "Of course today it's hard to concentrate cause of this Olympic sized pool in my bladder!" She watched as the show started just like usual and after about 20 seconds the stream abruptly stopped.

"Over already? Well I'm not going to compl-" her thought was interrupted as she started to emerge and the stream resumed even stronger. "Eep!" She thought surprised at this unexpected development, shyly and reluctantly she retreated and firmly stuffed her hand into her crotch. "The heck? He stopped right? I thought he was done, he's never-" again her train of thought was interrupted by a stop in the flow. She waited this time, then just as she started to move i let it go again, I wasn't even half done yet so I had plenty to play with. "Come on, this isn't funny, I gotta gooo..." she thought bouncing to herself in the brush. I let it go for another few seconds before I stopped again. This time I feigned fumbling with my shorts as she saw this opportunity to half walk-half run her way over to where I was. "Phew it's about time, one more second and-" she was cut off mid sentence as i watered the earth in front of me again.

"Oh? Sara? What's going on? Can't you see I'm still using the bathroom?" I said in a condescending unfamiliar even to myself tone. "I might be a bit yet, wait your turn."

She gazed in disbelief, watching my still going dick as she broke out into a full on pee dance. There was no hard and fast rule that only one of us could pee at a time, but it was a regulation Sara constructed for herself, a sort of mini challenge i think.

"Ohhh hurry... hurry hurry hurry..." she murmured to herself, just loud enough for me to hear.

"Hold on, I think..." I said stopping the stream, she looked eagerly and started undoing her pants. I resumed, "Oh sorry, false alarm, hah..." eyes watering she bounced in place holding her shorts up. I looked over watching her struggle with all she had to keep her pee bottled up when she stopped bouncing. She went wide eyed for a second as she looked down at her pants, it seemed time had run out for her as made one final push to waddle next to me, as she exposed her rear it was clear the flood had already started she gasped for air as she settled into a squat next to me, finally letting her taxed bladder drain i looked down to see her shorts were practically dripping with the initial piss she let fly and she was gushing like a hose next to me. After about 10 more seconds my own supply ran out and I tucked my member away. I looked down at Sara, her face flushed red with relief and embarrassment.

"Ah... hah... haahh..." she breathed letting her pee out as fast as it would pour onto the ground. "That was... incredible... I haven't wet myself like that since I was a kid. That's a pretty dirty trick Naka. What was that?" She said over her stream. "Oh nothing, just something I've been working on, just felt like teasing a bit, that's all."

She sighed, finally her stream came to an end. "Alright, you got me good, I'll remember this though." she said with a wink. "Jokes on you, it's your car i have to ride in with wet pants."

"I took some precautions already, isn't that right, Lara?" I said up to her, Sara went even more red at the realization her sister was there "Lara!? Why are you? When did? How?" Sara stammered trying to put her thoughts in order.

"Don't worry, I won't tell. " was all Lara said as she handed Sara a fresh change of pants, she was obviously enjoying this to no end.

"Both of you... I'LL REMEMBER THIS!" Shouted Sara as she swiftly changed her clothes. After that we all had a good laugh because I couldn't think of any other way to end this than with a cheesy 90s cartoon reference, continuity may change again, maybe this was all a dream... who can say... to be continued? Alright I'm done.

