Dust

Author: nestorius

*000*2021-05-10 21:50

Dust, Taylor thought, staring through the car window at the landscape beyond.

It’s like they made an entire state out of sunshine and cows and dust.

Jake had asked her to come with him on this trip, and she had eagerly accepted. It had seemed, at the time, like a chance to turn a “him and I” into an “us”, to turn a few months and a dozen nights and a toothbrush into something real, something that would last. Plus, some entirely too romantic part of herself (the 19th century painting kind, not the Valentine’s Day kind) had insisted it would be good to see the countryside, to get in touch with a part of the world that had not yet been graced by the light of sidewalks and bike lanes and Starbucks for a change.

After around the third disgusting gas station bathroom (or was it the second hastily scarfed down McDonald’s meal?), she had come to seriously question this hope. The desert really was pretty, but a highway was a highway, a fast-food chain was a fast-food chain, and if the flow of time left a place behind, well, sometimes there was a reason. At this last thought, she shifted slightly in her seat, and pressed her thighs together for just a moment. They’d stopped about an hour ago for a late lunch, and in the blazing afternoon sun she’d chugged her large soda perhaps slightly faster than had been wise. She sat up straighter in her seat, stretching, and turned to her boyfriend.

“How much further?” Taylor asked.

Jake smirked at her. “Are we there yet?”, he said, teasing.

She cut her eyes at him. “No, really, I’m tired.” A little white lie, but she felt slightly embarrassed at wanting the restroom again so soon to start with. When she was younger, she had always visited the bathroom at the slightest urge- what if this, what if that?- but lately she’d been trying to put it off longer, a little battle between her and herself. She was a grown adult, and adults, among other things, didn’t have to break off what they were doing every hour on the hour to take an anxiety piss.

“Probably two more hours, at least. You should sleep.”

“Are you sure you’re okay driving?”

“Yeah, I’m good.” He flashed her his best reassuring smile. It wasn’t, honestly, that reassuring, but she actually was a little tired, and between the dull vibration of the highway, the soft warmth of the fading sun, and the enticingly cool leather of the seat Taylor found herself drifting off to sleep.

Jake, meanwhile, stared at the road ahead. He was damn near exhausted, as he’d been up early packing the car, but he just- well- there were things you trusted to people you didn’t know that well and things you didn’t. A little voice in his head nagged at him. “People you don’t trust? For fuck’s sake man, get over yourself. She l- she likes you, you like her, you have a good thing going, and if she’s gotten this far in life alive she’s probably not going to wreck this thing against whatever the hell you could even hit in a desert anyway.”

He argued back. Trust is something you build- not hand out always, not hand out never, just build. This trip, inviting her here- this was building trust. The car, and anything else where she could fuck up and kill them both could wait a little longer- not like she had a problem with him playing the gentleman, anyway. Jake chuckled a little at this last thought, and, noticing how heavy his eyelids felt, reached for the radio, then pulled his hand back, looking at his sleeping girlfriend in the passenger seat. He bit his lip, settled for making the air on the driver’s side (thank you, premium package) a little colder, and stared back at the road.

Taylor lays quietly in her seat, sleeping, dreaming. She sits in her math class, back in school. She needs to leave early, for volleyball practice, but the teacher won’t let her. He hands her a sword and says something about an infestation of spiders in the hallway. Of course- the hallway spiders. She leaves the classroom and does valiant battle with them, but then the hallway is a cave, and her sword is gone, and she’s lost, and alone, and afraid. She calls out, but she can’t speak. She also has to pee, but there isn’t a bathroom in the cave, so she goes looking for one.

She reaches the cave bathroom, but there’s a line. When the line finally clears, she rushes into the stall, sliding her shorts down as she runs, but there’s no toilet, just a set of stairs leading down. Reluctantly, she pulls her shorts back up, and descends the stairs. Of course- volleyball practice. That’s where she was going. If she wins this game, she’ll be allowed to pee, but if she doesn’t, she has to hold it forever. Her bladder aches. She tries her best, but the opposing center slams the ball home, and coach says she has to wait. The other team promptly squats where they stand, and this hissing sound of their relief follows her as she runs out of the gym, desperately searching for somewhere, anywhere to let go. Finally, she finds an empty hallway and spreads her legs…

“FUCK!”

Taylor jolted awake as something that sounded like a truck horn sounded and the car swerved, hard. She saw headlights, screamed, grabbed the seat for dear life- the road ahead was dark again. Jake sat bolt upright, panting, eyes wide.

“What was that?” she yelled.

Jake gestured for a moment with both hands, thought better of it, put them back on the wheel.

“I just- I just drifted a little bit, alright? Calm down.”

“Calm down?”, Taylor replied. “We almost fucking died!”

With a few more moments to collect herself, Taylor felt a distinct… warmth in the crotch of her panties, and not the warm, fuzzy kind. Judging by how swollen her bladder still felt, it wasn’t all of it, but Christ, had she wet herself? A grown woman? Had it been in the dream, or when she woke up? It was dark enough in the car she doubted Jake would notice anything, if there was anything. Of course, she was still dying for the bathroom, and didn’t know where in the hell they were- stupid, stupid, should have asked him to stop earlier, shouldn’t have fallen asleep…

“I’m going to pull over.” Jake said, softly. “Can you drive?”

Taylor froze. Jake pulled the car over to the shoulder, the tires rumbling and Taylor’s bladder jolting as the wheels took the slight drop from the pavement to the sand. He shut off the engine, and turned towards her.

“Look, I’m really sorry,” he said, “I was stupid, I should have let you drive earlier, can you just drive? We’re only like fifteen minutes away.”

“I-“ Taylor said.

“I’m sorry.” Jake said, again.

Taylor hunched forward a bit, pressed her thighs together as hard as she could manage. One hand moved experimentally towards her crotch, but she yanked it back to the top of her thigh, her fist tightly balled. She found she couldn’t look directly at Jake, so she looked at the steering wheel.

“I have to pee.”

Jake frowned.

“Okay.”

“I have to pee really bad.”

“Oh.”

Jake looked down, tapped his fingers on the console.

“Can you wait until we get there, or…”

Taylor said nothing. “Of course she could”, her brain said. “I’m not so sure about that", the slowly cooling patch of pee on the silky white panties she’d hoped to surprise Jake with said. “Make a decision, pretty please”, her pulsing bladder begged.

The silence hung in the air for fifteen seconds or so, until Jake restarted the car and pulled it back onto the road, driving ten under the speed limit. He turned on the radio, got some grainy AM gospel station, left it playing. Taylor settled into a routine of squeezing her thighs together, grabbing the sides of the seat, and swearing under her breath, and had just about made up her mind to jam one of her hands directly against her aching pussy when the noise of the road shifted from the slight hum of a state highway to the crackling rumble of what she hoped to God was a driveway.

“We’re there,” Jake said.

The house was an old turn-of-the-century pile of wood, with nothing but desert around as far as she could see. Jake stopped the car once they’d made it most of the way down the absurdly long driveway- more of a side road, really- and she frantically unlocked the passenger door and hopped out of the car, bouncing up and down slightly. She looked at Jake “Where-“

“First door on the right” he said.

She stumbled up the steps, reached for the handle- it wouldn’t twist.

“Keys!” Jake yelled from the driveway, holding up a small glinting object. He made it up the steps soon enough (not soon enough, her bladder objected), unlocked the door, and Taylor rushed in. The main entryway was a long, ornate hallway, that might have been beautiful were it not dark and dilapidated and were she not on the verge of pressure washing its floors. She found the door he’d mentioned, opened it, and carefully closed it behind her. Her bladder spasmed, and she shoved a hand between her legs, finally alone. She took a moment to regain control, lifted the lid of the toilet, sat down and pulled down her leggings and panties in one swift motion, and sighed with relief as she began to gush piss into the mildewed porcelain bowl.

At least things couldn’t get worse from here, right?

*001*2021-05-11 18:28

(Part two. Just a note, there's no more female desperation in this part, just slight male desp and some straight sex. Consider it setup for the third part I don't want to promise but will probably write.)

###

Jake waited quietly in the hallway for Taylor to finish. He could also stand to use the bathroom, but not enough so that he felt the need to make a fuss about it. He prided himself on that- control. The ability to make your body work for you, not you for it. When he was younger, he’d been a runner, and he remembered the ridiculous, masochistic joy of the long runs during the cold winters, his hands so cold that his fingers wouldn’t fully uncurl, breaking his body down, bending it to his will. He felt himself stiffen slightly at the thought, dismissed it. Time enough for that later, Jake thought, as he walked slowly down the entrance hall.

He and his mother hadn’t been close, exactly, in the years before she’d died. When she’d left him the house, he’d been surprised, almost- he was certainly a better fit to take care of it than his idiot brother, but she hadn’t seemed the type to take that into consideration. The things you learned about people, even after you knew them for years- reminding you that all you ever really saw was an illusion, just what you thought they were, to you.

He heard the toilet flush, turned, saw Taylor emerge into the hall, shoulders slightly hunched, head slightly bent. He loved that about her, that- weakness, that malleability. He hated himself for loving it, but he loved it still. She walked up the hall quietly, took his hand.

“It’s a pretty house.” Taylor said.

“Yeah.” Jake said. “You hungry?”

She smiled at him, leaned in a bit.

“I”, Taylor pronounced, “am fricking starving.”

Jake kissed her on the forehead.

“Then how about you,” he paused “grab some of the sandwich stuff out of the car and eat something. I’m going to go upstairs and pass out.” With that, Jake made his way up the staircase at the side of the hall, his footsteps on the wood echoing through the otherwise silent house.

“…fucker.” Taylor whispered to herself, watching him go.

Sun streamed through the bedroom window as Jake woke, groggily. He was still wearing all his clothes, and his bladder was throbbing painfully- he must have been more tired than he’d thought, he’d only meant to lie down for a moment, then get ready for bed. Weakness. He could hear the shower running in the upstairs bathroom, so he made his way down the steps to the hall bathroom, then took care of his needs. After poking around cursorily in the car, he didn’t see his bag, so he assumed Taylor must have grabbed it, flushed with a moment of slight guilt, and made his way back upstairs.

As he entered the bedroom, he noticed Taylor’s clothes from the other night piled in the corner. She’d dressed comfortably for the drive- just leggings and an old t-shirt, no bra, and he looked around for a laundry hamper, intent on setting the place in some order. He found one, or at least an old wicker basket that would serve as one, shoved into the corner, pulled it to the side of the bed, and grabbed the shirt and leggings.

As he picked up the latter, something fell out. He dropped the other clothes into the basket, looked down. A slight silk thong, wrought with lace around the edges. Jake smiled. Taylor must have been hoping he were less tired the other night. He bent to pick it up, then stopped, noticing a spot on the front- small, somewhere between quarter and ping-pong ball, but noticeable. He felt short of breath for a moment- had she wet herself a little last night? He’d assumed she’d been exaggerating her need, but she’d certainly seemed desperate for the last part of the drive.

Jake heard the bathroom door open behind him, quickly grabbed the thong, and dropped it into the basket. “Good morning!” Taylor said brightly. He felt like- an animal, or something. Uncontrolled. He turned towards her. She saw the look on his face, frowned. “Are you alright?”, she asked. He walked up to her, put his hands on her shoulders, gently pressed her against the wall. Her eyes widened a little, then softened. She sent a hand gently, searchingly into the waistband of his jeans, found him already fully erect, squeezed his cock gently, smiled at him again. She undid his fly as he pressed against her, one hand cradling her head between it and the wall, the other grabbing her towel around the swell of her breasts, slowly pulling it away.

He hesitated for a moment- remembered, she’d started the pill- tried to thrust into her- missed, at which even he had to laugh slightly. She kissed him, pushed him back, away from the wall, onto the bed, Jake falling back with a slight thump onto the mattress. He looked at her for a moment- standing there, her long black hair still wet from the shower, falling over her shoulder in tangles and clumps, her small breasts still glistening, her nipples erect in the slight chill. Taylor put her right knee up onto the bed, then her left, gently lowering herself onto him with a slight gasp. She lifted herself up, then slid down, again, and again- it only took a few strokes before he shuddered involuntarily, his seed shooting into her. Taylor rolled off him, a little of his fluids leaking out. He lay there, panting, for a few minutes, neither of them speaking, both staring at the ceiling.

She spoke first.

“You know, after that, you at least have to make breakfast.”

Jake obliged, surprisingly, and Taylor found herself alone in the bed. She touched herself for a while, halfheartedly, then gave it up. It wasn’t that sex with Jake was bad, necessarily- it was just, there was something missing. She hopped back in the shower to clean herself up, swore up a storm when the hot water ran out halfway through, then pawed through her suitcase and put on some clothes. It had warmed up considerably as the sun rose, so she opted for a loose green top, some plain cotton panties, and a pair of tight lycra shorts that ended maybe halfway down her thigh. Examining herself in the bathroom mirror, she did her hair up into a messy ponytail, then decided she was satisfied, and made her way downstairs.

Jake was in the kitchen, bacon already crackling in a skillet and the old wooden cabinets rattling as he dug around for whatever else he needed. She grabbed some of the orange juice they’d brought out of the fridge, and sipped it slowly as he outlined the plan for the day. Apparently, there was an old barn a few miles away that was also part of this property- they were going to go out there, sort through it for anything they needed or that might be worth selling, then come back to the house for lunch and a rest. Afterwards, they’d check over the house itself, looking for any broken plumbing, mold, structural problems, that kind of thing. It wasn’t a substitute for a real inspection, but it would be a start.

“Make sure you bring water,” Jake said, looking at her sternly. “It’ll get ridiculously hot during the day.”

No shit, Taylor thought, it’s a desert.

“Will do,” she said. She winced slightly, thinking of last night’s close call, and asked “Are there- uh, is there a bathroom at the barn?”. “If we’re going to be there all morning”, she added quickly.

“I think there might be an outhouse or something, I honestly don’t remember. If that’s not to your liking-“ he swept his arm towards the window- “there’s the wonder of the desert.”

*003*2021-05-12 04:32

{{53 minutes ago, WiiGuy86 said:

This is awesome! I love the couple's dynamic and the scenario

}}

Thanks! I've been really enjoying your interactive (as I'm sure you've noticed from the super detailed flippin votes)- it combines the "game" style of some of the old standouts like "Wild Tempest" with a realistic tone that I think I prefer.

*005*2021-05-13 02:44

(Bruh I put my heart and soul into that series. That first story wasn't even a story, that was a confession with a fictional ending attached [which I think I mentioned at the time].

Also behold the next chapter. Mostly exposition with some light female desp at the end, but I promise this is the start of The Good Stuff[tm])

###

It was probably an hour later before they got going- quick, all things considered. Taylor glanced at the hall bathroom, considering stopping off one last time before they headed out, but then Jake was yelling from the front yard for her to grab the cooler and come on, and frankly she was glad- no need to let one night rattle her forever. They piled into his car, and she reached over to the console and cranked the AC all the way up- even after only a few hours of sun, the car was stifling.

She knew the barn was close, but still, she was surprised at how soon they arrived- she could have to stood to ride in the car a little longer, the windows halfway down, staring out at the mountains in the distance. Jake jumped out of the driver’s side, walked a few paces towards the barn, and stood there- thinking something, or planning, probably. Taylor opened her door, carefully stepped down onto the ground, and went around to the trunk to unload what they’d brought. It wasn’t much, just a cooler full of water she already felt grateful for, a couple of sandwiches Taylor had made while Jake was cleaning up breakfast, and some empty boxes for whatever they brought back.

Jake still stood just in front of the barn just… staring. He wanted to feel something, wanted to feel like this place mattered to him, like the ten years before they’d moved up north had left a mark, but the barn was just a barn. He went back to the car, grabbed a water out of the cooler and a cardboard box, and headed for the doors.

Taylor sat against the wooden loft wall, breathing heavily. She was sore as hell, and her top was coated in sweat around the neck and the armpits, but she felt proud- apparently those volleyball thighs were still good for something. She could dimly hear Jake below, saying he was ready for another box- she yelled back that she was taking a break, and heard him clomping off to go deal with something else on the ground floor. He had sworn up and down that the work boots were important, something something rusty nails, but with them plus the jeans plus the old metal band tank top he looked like he’d come out here to find Heisenberg or something.

Jake, meanwhile, walked casually out of the front doors of the barn, then laid down in the sand, grinning ear to ear. The barn was just wood, but the work felt real, like he belonged here again, and he wouldn’t have guessed his suburb queen of a girlfriend would be up to it either. He thought about Taylor, and then, his throat catching slightly, he thought back to the morning.

What the hell had he felt, looking at that tiny spot? He pushed the thought away as fast as it came, paused, thought about it again. There was something about thinking about Taylor like that, thinking about Taylor doing that, that was just absolutely wrong in a way he wasn’t entirely sure he didn’t like. He doubted she was the type to experiment, though. It wasn’t that she was closed off, sexually, just that she tended to have her way of doing things, and not venture much outside it. If he asked, she’d say yes, politely, maybe do it once or twice if he really pushed her, and then she’d hope he’d forget about it. It was like arguing with a cup of jello- it gave way as long as you pushed it, then just rebounded to whatever it’d been doing in the first place.

Taylor waited ten minutes or so for Jake to come back, then made her way carefully down the rickety loft ladder, taking a long swig of water from a plastic bottle once both feet were securely on the ground. She felt a slight twinge in her bladder, but less than she’d expected. Maybe she’d sweat most of it out, or maybe- she gave a little embarrassed laugh at the thought- last night had redefined to her what it meant to actually need to pee. She poked around the barn for a little while, then found Jake outside, staring at the sky, motionless. She walked softly, slowly towards his head, then gave his tousled brown pair the slightest poke with the tip of her running shoe.

“Hey,” she said, “a vulture’s gonna get you.”

Jake started, then looked up at her, embarrassed, almost guilty. Taylor gave a slight frown of concern, then sat down beside him. “I get it,” she said quietly, “Memories.”

Jake tried to make his best neutral face, but just felt more guilty. Here he was complaining about his sex life to himself and the sky, and Taylor probably thought he was crying about how mommy never loved him or something. “That’s not… actually what I was thinking about” he blurted out.

Taylor inclined her head slightly. “Okay. What are you thinking about?”

Jake sat up, put his arm around Taylor, pulled her closer. “I was thinking,” he said deliberately “about us.”

Taylor’s face dropped like a rock.

“Not like that.” Jake said hurriedly.

“Oh, yeah, yeah of course.” Taylor said, trying hard to fake a smile.

Maybe this conversation can wait, Jake thought.

They went back to the house and had lunch as planned, then spent another sweaty few hours poking through the crawlspaces, closets, and random little holes the place had accumulated over the years. Taylor found an old doll and tried to scare Jake with it, and Jake found a nest of new spiders that scared the hell out of her and, honestly, him. When they’d finished, Taylor had jokingly demanded recompense for the spider incident, and Jake had promised to take her out to dinner at the “finest restaurant in a hundred miles”, which meant the Mexican place in the nearest small town. Taylor showered again and changed into a knee-length sundress with a leather jacket over it, and after a certain amount of pestering, Jake swapped the tank top for a light flannel, though he wouldn’t budge on the boots and jeans.

The town had a gas station, a traffic light, and the restaurant, but the restaurant had bottomless margaritas, and Taylor found herself reevaluating her opinion of the area somewhere in the depths of her second 32oz glass. Jake stuck to a small cup of water, since, of course, he still insisted on driving. After they finished their food, Jake paid, cash, and they headed back out to the parking lot. It was dark, and the chill of the desert night was making itself apparent. Taylor sprinted over to the car, nearly tripping over herself, and called out back to Jake- “It’s fucking cooooold, come on!”. He unlocked the car, and within a few seconds they were both securely within, the heat running full blast.

Jake pulled the car out of the lot. He noticed Taylor had her legs tightly crossed, but she didn’t say anything, and after a brief wait at the light he made the turn onto the state highway. They drove on for about ten minutes with only the soft sound of the radio, and he began to wonder if she’d fallen asleep again.

“It’s my fate.” Taylor said, leaning her seat all the way back.

“It’s your fate what?” Jake replied, keeping his eyes firmly on the road ahead.

“It’s my fate to have to pee in your car. It’s like, synchronicity.”

Now or never, Jake thought.

“Like last night?”, he asked.

“Yeah.” Taylor said, flushing a little.

“I have a question.”, Jake said.

Taylor adjusted her seat back up, and turned to look at him, mock serious.

“What is your question, Sir Jake?”

“Last night.”

“Yeah.”

“Did you, ah- did you make it, all the way?”

Taylor looked like she’d been slapped, suddenly sober.

“Oh- you- um. Look, I’m so sorry. If anything got on the seat” (at this, she glanced down quickly at her legs) “I’ll pay for it, I was hoping you didn’t even notice, and I just really had to go, and I was scared with the truck thing...”

“Babe.”

“Yeah?”

“It’s okay.”

Taylor said nothing, for a moment.

“Thanks,” she said.

Jake said nothing, for a moment.

“That actually wasn’t why I was asking.”

He plunged onward.

“I want you to wet yourself, again. For me.”

Taylor was staring it him, mouth agape.

“Right now?”

Jake laughed so hard he started coughing a little.

“When we get home, if you can wait this time.”

Taylor looked at Jake across the front of the car. This Jake, her Jake, Captain Control, Knight of Normalness, wanted her to piss herself? (“Again.”, a little voice reminded her). Was this a fetish thing? Some kind of power move? Was he just fucking with her? And the way he’d said it, like he was asking to borrow a pencil, like she owed it to him. She felt angry. Also a little aroused. Also like she had to pee pretty badly. Just, a lot going on right now.

In all the time she’d known him, this was the first time she felt like she’d seen anything real from him. She felt safe with him, felt like he was someone she could rely on- that was half the reason they’d started dating, after the disaster that was her last relationship. But this- this was a stranger sitting across from her, and it was goddamn fascinating. She felt her bladder swell a little, and thanked God she’d changed out of the shorts- they’d be crushing that thing like a guillotine. Would she even be able to do it? She’d peed in her bathing suit, in the ocean, everyone did that, but in her panties, in front of someone? She imagined that, imagined him staring at her, vulnerable, disgraced, dirty. She felt a warmth, and it wasn’t piss this time.

Maybe this, Taylor decided, was what was missing.

*010*2021-05-17 01:31

The only sound in the car was a radio ad, for truck tires or something. Taylor was staring at him. Jake felt a cold little knot of fear form in his chest. Had this been the right time? There was never a right time, but there were definitely better and worse times. Was this a worse time? She looked like she was thinking, like she was trying to write an essay or something. Could he play it off as a joke? No, he was in too deep for that. She hadn’t said no, exactly. She hadn’t said anything. He turned back to the road, noticed his foot pressing the accelerator, forced himself to lift off the pedal, be cool, be cool.

“Why do you want that?” Taylor said, looking very serious. “For me to pee myself, I mean.”, she added.

Jake gave a little nervous laugh. “It’s not like a thing I have or anything,” he said, “I just thought we could try it just- I don’t know.”

“I’ll try it.”, Taylor said. “I don’t know if I can, y’know, do it, in front of somebody, but I’ll try it.”

Jake let out a breath. “Okay, good. Thanks.” He licked his teeth for a moment. “You want me to change the music, or anything?”

“No.”, Taylor said.

She leaned her seat back a bit, found an angle that felt right. If she lifted her hips a little, it was like she could actually feel her bladder, a little tense balloon inside her, but otherwise it just felt like an ache, a continuous pressure. She’d gone through all the initial stages at the restaurant- the first insistent tingle that you could ignore till it went away, then the slight “reminder” urge, then that swelling feeling that told you the real game was about to start. When they’d stood up to leave the table, she’d had to clench her muscles a bit, but then Jake had already been moving, and she didn’t know where the bathrooms were, and and and…

Well, she could have asked Jake to wait. She could hold it for the thirty-minute drive back to the house, anyway. It felt almost… better this way. She wasn’t some little miserable thing at the mercy of fate, she was holding it because she chose to. When they got home, she could choose to wet her panties for Jake, or piss in the toilet, or keep holding it (obviously, not forever, but hey, maybe for a while). She smiled, uncrossed her legs, and spread them a little, felt the urge increase. Her choice. She felt a little flutter in her chest, had to clench her muscles a little harder.

She still felt the tequila in the margaritas, like a warm fog over her whole body. She could sure as hell feel the rest of the margaritas, too, as her kidneys were furiously reminding her, but the alcohol helped, that sort of warm indifference that told you you’d be fine if you had four beers than stood in the front row at a concert for three hours, then loosened your inhibitions enough that the desperate pissing behind someone’s car door afterwards because you knew after one look you weren’t going to be able to hold it for the whole bathroom line didn’t feel shameful until afterwards.

She thought about that, that incredibly intense relief, then sat up, readjusted the seat, pressed her thighs together and grabbed the hem of her dress with both hands. “You alright?” Jake asked. She smiled again- “I’m fine.”

Within another ten minutes, she was rocking back and forth, slightly but constantly. She didn’t think her bladder could fill up this fast. She felt a little more sober now, and her bladder felt stretched, bursting, like both those fucking bottomless margaritas were just sitting down there, in storage- which was exactly true, if you thought about it. Taylor looked at Jake, saw him staring fixedly at the road, and jammed a hand against her crotch hard, let out a little involuntary sigh. The house couldn’t be that much further, could it? She looked back at Jake.

“How much longer?” Taylor asked, her voice strained.

Jake looked over, looked back at the highway. “About ten more minutes.”, he said.

“Okay,” Taylor said, “right when we get there let’s um, let’s do it. I’m ready.”

Jake tapped a few fingers against the steering wheel.

“Well, we don’t necessarily have to rush.”

The last ten minutes dragged by. Her urge seemed to have plateaued at “my pelvis is an aquarium but there aren’t any leaks”, and Taylor quietly thanked God or Buddha or whoever dealt with that sort of thing. She heard the highway change to gravel, felt a slight déjà vu, almost laughed but thought better of it. Jake parked the car, shut his door, came around and opened hers. She stepped out, straightened up to do so, got both feet on the ground and immediately bent forward again, hand under her dress, two fingers pressing hard, no shame anymore. She looked up at Jake.

“So, should I just, do it here, or something?” Taylor asked.

Jake focused on breathing. Look at her. Just fucking look at her. Her whole body crying out, her controlling it, looking at him, pleading, “Am I allowed to do it here? Do I have permission to do it here?”

He looked at Taylor, really looked. Her hair long, brushed, glossy, falling over her shoulders. The dark, supple leather of the jacket over her slim shoulders, the red sundress with the tiny little flower pattern bunched up where her arm reached underneath trying to physically control herself, to force herself to hold on. Her pale thighs- were they already a little wet? Was that why she was so eager? Her brown eyes with that slight hint of green, looking at him, begging. “I’m grateful for this, you know,” he said, “and I need you to listen to me very carefully.” “Look around,” he said.

Taylor glanced around at the horizon, looked back at him, biting just a little into her lip.

“You want to pee, right Taylor?”

She nodded.

“Can you say it? Can you say that’s what you want to do?”

“I want to go pee,” she said, eyes deer-in-the-headlights wide, the hand in her crotch moving a little, rubbing,

“Okay,” Jake said, “if that’s what you want, squat down, here.”

Taylor took her hand away from between her legs, crossed them tightly and bent down a little. She stepped a little to the side, then squatted down, her bladder protesting the compression and surging towards the anticipated relief. She reached for her panties, breathed in…

“I said squat, not pee.” Jake said.

Taylor clenched her bladder muscles with everything she had, both hands diving for her crotch. She looked up at Jake.

“Get on your knees.” Jake said.

She slowly adjusted herself forward onto her knees, one hand steadying herself against the car, the other now inside her panties pressing directly against her outlet.

Jake took a step closer, put a hand on her head, ran it through her hair, withdrew it.

“Do you want to pee, Taylor?”

“Yes.”, she said, trembling.

He thrust his hand into his jeans, fiddled with the button and zipper with the other, finally managed to stuff his already stiff member out through the fly of his slightly tattered boxers. He parted her lips with his left hand, guided his cock between them with the right. He closed his eyes.

“Then let go, babe,” he said, “just let go.”

She did. She unclenched her muscles, reached up and grabbed the car door handle, licked around the tip of Jake’s cock and pissed. She could hear it splashing on the gravel and she knew it was probably going to fuck up her sandals and she didn’t care and her other hand was rubbing her clit and her piss was on her fingers and he was in her mouth and she closed her eyes and she didn’t know if she was going to cry or come or what but fuck it was cold. She could taste a little precum and she laughed a little on the inside and this thing wasn’t going to be very good if it made him into a one-pump-chump and he was saying something but she didn’t care.

He put one arm out, both, leaned against the car, moaned. He could hear her stream hitting the ground and he could feel her tongue caressing him and he could feel the cold metal of the car on his fingers and the cold night air on his neck and he could feel everything. Fuck fuck fuck he couldn’t tell if he was saying it or thinking it this whole thing was so fucked oh God. He felt his cock tense, felt his load shooting out, felt like it was goddamn ripping through him. He stumbled back, sat down, laid back, felt a little piss on his ankles didn’t care.

She crawled towards him, panties abandoned somewhere by the car, straddled his face, her hair hanging down in his eyes and her dress going every which way and then the smell of piss and her sweet mound. He tongued her lips with abandon, got one hand around and grabbed her ass, the other reaching up, just grazing a nipple, found it, running light circles with the thumb. He felt her shudder- really felt it, pussycat got your tongue, hah, and she slid off him and her sandal damn near kicked him in the balls and then they were lying there side by side kissing, just kissing.

There was a long silence. The stars twinkled overhead- always so many stars, in the desert.

“We’re going to hell for that.” Taylor said.

“Yep.” Jake replied.

“I was joking,” Taylor said, “are you joking?”

“Still worth it.” he said. With some difficulty, he hefted himself up onto his elbows, looked over at Taylor.

“It is goddamn cold, though, and as the gentleman I have to offer you the first shower.”

###

(wanted to put this at the end of the chapter so it wouldn't break up the flow, but

Bonk

I send myself to horny jail)

