Persona 5 M ~Will of the People~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2024-11-03 21:03

I've finally started a new series about panty pooping! I'm not stopping HoloMess, but I wanted to get a new series going to reignite my inspiration and put focus on something new instead of writing about VTubers all the time. I hope you enjoy it!

“A-alright Joker! Way to t-take them down with style!” Futaba Sakura complimented the leader of the Phantom Thieves for nuking a group of shadows with Megidolaon, her navigation skills starting to get distracted by a growing need. This need didn’t just bother the orange-haired thief, but her fellow female comrades as well.

“P-perhaps there’s a rest area ahead? I could use a little break, if that’s okay,” the elegant beauty thief Haru Okumura suggested, trying to steer the conversation to solve her needs without making it obvious to Ren or Morgana, who was now idling in his car form.

“I think that’s a wonderful idea, Noir,” Makoto Nijima added, rotating her arm to act tough and play off the growing pressure in her bowels.

“Yeah, we’ve been at this for hours now! I could use a bit of privacy…,” Ann Takamaki said through a forced smile, the large helping of curry she had before their mission hitting her like a bag of bricks. Normally, the team ate after finishing their expeditions through Mementos, but today they flipped the script, something the girls were paying for now, over a hundred floors deep into the near-eternal dungeon.

“Senpai, I think we’ve all earned a break, don’tcha think?” Sumire Yoshizawa gave her own optimistic smile, hoping her cuteness could convince her lover as she regretted eating the most out of the bunch. Although Joker wasn’t a cruel leader by any means, he was well aware of the strict deadline they’d set.

“Hehe,” Morgana snickered as he started to get a grasp of the situation, but resisted speaking up out of fear of being beat to a pulp.

“Hmm, alright,” Ren agreed with his natural stoicism. “Oracle?”

“We’re in luck!” Futaba exclaimed with a bit too much enthusiasm. “There’s a rest area on the next floor.” The other girls let out a collective sigh of relief as they cramped themselves in the cat car and drove to their destination, loud breaths and squirms highlighting their desperation. By the time they’d reached the train station-like area, the female thieves urge was at a fever pitch. The girls darted to the bathroom as they sought sweet relief in the Mementos toilets, something they’ve had to do many times before. This time however, fate had intended not just to soil their plans, but their underwear too.

“Ugh, finally!” Ann was the first to enter the public restroom. “I swear, Joker is impossibly dense sometimes.”

“Don’t be so harsh Panther. At least that denseness helps him keep a level head when we need it.” The student council president followed suit, fast walking to the second closest stall.

“Thank the gods! Sweet relief!” Futaba eagerly flung herself into the last remaining stall, leaving Haru and Sumire little choice but to stand there and wait.

“Do try to be quick!” The auburn-haired girl gently pleaded. “I think I can hold it for a while, but I’d hate to think what would happen if I can’t…”

“It’ll be okay, Noir-senpai!” Sumire reassured her shortly before a pang in her stomach turned her smile into a grimace. “However, I agree. I can’t imagine how gross it would be to have an accident, especially in these outfits!”

“What the hell?!” the blonde model screamed from her stall.

“Why won’t it come off?” Makoto said before sounds of struggling could be heard.

“What kind of curse is this?!” Futaba exclaimed, letting out a discontent growl as she also struggled in her stall.

“Panther? Queen? Oracle? What’s wrong?” Haru asked, her and Sumire both unaware of the panic ensuing out of their sight.

“Our outfits! They won’t come off!” The brawler phantom thief hurriedly exited her stall to show the oblivious girls firsthand, fruitlessly tugging and pulling at her breastplate, which covered the zipper to her skinsuit. Ann was soon to follow, making the predicament more obvious as she repeatedly yanked at the many zippers on her outfit, all of which similarly refused to budge. As realization set in, Noir and Violet started tugging at their bloomers and leotard respectively. As expected, Haru’s attempts to drop her bloomers were met with impossible resistance. What was more surprising was how the leg holes of Sumire’s leotard stayed perfectly flush with her skin, as if it was glued onto her.

“Uhhh Oracle?! An explanation would be nice,” Makoto urged to their navigator, who was just now exiting her stall with a defeated look and pressed-together butt cheeks.

“I-I don’t know. It’s not a status effect, or at least not one that I can detect.” Futaba repeatedly scanned the girls, who were alternating between trying to force their outfits off and holding their sphincters shut.

“B-but what are supposed to- Oh! Oh no!” Haru’s eyes shot wide open as she put a hand to the back of her purple bloomers. Within seconds, the rear rapidly tented outwards as the elegant girl’s body failed her. A foul stench started circulating in the bathroom as tears started to stream down the girl’s face, powerless as she pooped her pants for the first time since she was a baby.

“Haru-senpai… UGH!” Sumire’s sympathy was short lived as she followed suit with her senior. A slimy, warm mass shot out of her anus, instantly filling the back of her leotard. However, the outfit prevented any of her excrement from escaping out the leg holes, leaving it nowhere to go except up her back and up the front. The strong-willed teen started to blush and cringe as the gross mush started to mush against her intimate parts. Even if she hated the feeling of crapping herself, she couldn’t deny the feeling against her crotch and how it made her feel kind of good.

“No way! This can’t be happening!” Ann was the next domino to fall, lurching forwards as a lump formed in the back of her red leather catsuit. A few harder logs perfectly lined her butt crack before a wave of softer, clay-like poop made it indistinguishable. More than embarrassment or sadness, a visible anger filled her face as her bowels filled her pants.

“Ooohhhh, my tummy’s doing barrel rolls! I can’t take it!” Futaba took a quick squat before a explosion erupted from her butt. In seconds, round after round of semi-solid waste bulged the back of her cyber-patterned spandex. Although the hacker was obviously embarrassed by the mudslide in her underwear and outfit, like Sumire she also started experiencing an unnatural arousal from having an accident. She also felt a weird nostalgia as it loosely reminded the girl of her bedwetting days.

“It seems like I don’t have a choice…,” Makoto conceded. As the brains of the group, she was painfully aware that her chances of holding her poop in until they got back to reality was zero. Spreading her legs slightly, the student council president let go and a mountain of brown mush started building up at her backside. Although the sticky, messy feeling against her bottom was strange to her, she was more or less relieved to not have to worry about it. Plus, her closest friends were in the exact same situation as her, so it’s unlikely the word would travel that she’d completely shit herself. However, neither Makoto nor the other girls would get much more time to think about their predicament as they heard a voice call from outside the bathroom.

“Are you all alright?” Joker asked, worried about the yells and miscellaneous noises he heard from outside. The girls’ hearts dropped, realizing there was no escaping their leader seeing them all in their soiled conditions. With a heavy sigh, Makoto took charge, leading the girls one-by-one back out to face two of the people they least wanted to see in their state.

“You can’t be serious! You’re saying cognition did this to us?!” Ann screamed. The girls had explained everything to Ren and Morgana, knowing their sorry appearances would immediately get caught. While their leader had a mostly stoic face, if not some concern, Morgana couldn’t help taking some jabs at the girls before getting bashed in the head by the feisty blonde. Afterwards he provided an explanation for why their outfits were unremovable: the Phantom Thieves were popular enough with the people for cognition to change, immortalizing them in their outfits, literally in this case.

“I-it’s just a hypothesis! I can’t say for sure. But you can’t detect any status effects, right Oracle?” the talking cat asked, turning to their navigator who looked like she was trying her best to maintain her composure despite her growing arousal.

“The only status effect we have on us now is… messy…,” Futaba trailed off at the end. The girls blushed, feeling a bit more infantilized by that label.

“Well anyways,” Makoto interjected before speaking again, “we’re hardly in any condition to continue. We should probably head back for the day.”

“Hmm, alright.” Ren was worried about the deadline he had been given, but at the same time knew that making the girls fight in their soiled outfits would just be a poor idea all around. They’d just have to finish up tomorrow. Giving a nod of approval, Morgana returned to his car form, and the girls cautiously got in, their butts elevated off of their seats to prevent their messes from squishing against them. Ren took the wheel, but it was usually Morgana that drove himself in Mementos for the most part. With everyone packed in, they set off for the entrance.

“Just try not to stain the seats, okay?” Morgana joked, causing multiple girls to hit the seats and groan at him.

Within thirty minutes, the thieves were all back at the entrance. Despite their best efforts, multiple bumps in the road forced the girls onto their butts, squishing their heavy loads around in their seats. After the fourth one, they just opted to remain seated for the rest of the ride. Everyone departed, able to smell the “open air” of Mementos again after being locked in with the smell of poop.

“Finally, we can get out of these outfits!” Sumire exclaimed, excited not just about getting out of the mess against her rear, but no longer having to worry about letting a moan slip because of the mess in the front.

“Please, let’s just go,” Haru pleaded, not wanting to spend a moment longer in her Phantom Thief outfit, something she was normally very proud of. Ren nodded, and exited the dungeon using the MetaNav app. Seeing themselves back in the attic of Leblanc wearing their normal clothes, the girls let out a sigh of relief. This was short lived however, as each girl quickly shot a hand to her rear. Their outfits may have come off, but their soiled panties remained. The girls screamed as their respective underwear and leggings were now filled to the brim with poop, but this time there were people who could catch them like that.

“Hmm, I guess since the public has no idea what your underwear looks like, they weren’t changed by cognition,” Morgana chimed in. The girls stared at each other in horror, before staring at Ren, hoping he had a magical way to help them.

“You can clean up downstairs, but Sojiro is probably still running the café. I’ll ask if it’s okay to clean up at the Sakura residence.” All the messy girls nodded in rapid succession, causing Ren to blush a little. He’d never seen all of them look so cute before. After Sojiro agreed and was sworn to secrecy, the group rushed to the household, where the ladies cleaned up together. Ren provided assistance where needed, and within the hour they were all clean.

Although the sizes and patterns weren’t to most of their preferences, they gladly wore Futaba’s panties home, with the alternative being going commando at nightfall. With the girls situated, Ren and Morgana returned to the attic, where the leader pondered the days events and possible solutions. After all, if this was going to be the status quo moving forwards, they can’t just always stop the mission so the thieves could use the restroom. Another interesting thing to note was that while in Mementos, Joker tested his own clothes in the men’s bathroom and had no difficulty stripping down. Did this cognition only effect women?

“Hey, I got an idea!” Morgana exclaimed proudly. “What if the girls just put on diapers before going into the Metaverse?” Initially Ren just flicked Morgana’s ear and dismissed it as perversion, but the more he thought about it, the more it made sense. It would still be somewhat uncomfortable, sure, but at least it would be well contained and easy to clean when they returned.

“But if we’re going back tomorrow, I’d need to get them soon,” he said aloud.

“Worry not, leader! I just happen to know every girl’s size!” Morgana proudly stated again. Ren flicked the cat’s ear with more force this time, reaffirming that he indeed had perverted motives. After some minor arguing, Ren got out of bed and stopped by his nearby drugstore. One thing was for certain, tomorrow was going to be a crazy day.

