The Forbidden Romance

Author: nononono

*000*2022-03-27 18:19

3rd July 1854 - Malvern

Princess Alexandra sighed as she sipped on her mug of tea, counting down the hours before she could get back on the Royal Train to London. It wasn't that she didn't enjoy the countryside, but she'd been there a week. A week with nothing but her own thoughts and her overly strict Aunt Geraldine for company. She was ready for fancy dinners with handsome European dignitaries back in London, meeting exciting new people and having all her needs catered for. In Malvern, she'd had to cook for her Aunt, clean the around the house, and fetch groceries by herself. Aunt Geraldine called it character building, Princess Alexandra called it a waste of time, given they had perfectly good servants at home that could have travelled with them.

"How long until we travel back, Auntie?" Alexandra asked, running her fingers through her long brown hair.

Aunt Geraldine looked disapprovingly "That's the third time you've asked me today Alexandra, I really wish you'd try and make the most of your last few hours here."

Princess Alexandra rolled her eyes. She loved her aunt dearly but she was fed up of being spoken to like a child. She was 23, and more than capable of looking after herself, without her aunt's constant interjections. She went to take a swig of her tea, but found that she'd finished it all.

"Don't you dare roll your eyes at me young lady," exclaimed Aunt Geraldine. "Now go on, there's a bathroom that's not going to clean itself."

Princess Alexandra groaned "Why can't you do it? I've been cleaning all week, I've barely had a chance to put my feet up at all."

Aunt Geraldine gasped "I am shocked that you think you can speak to me like this. Your mother will be hearing about this as soon as we return home. Now get cleaning at once!"

"No," Princess Alexandra replied tersely.

"How DARE you speak to me like that. I don't think you understand how much trouble this behaviour is going to get you in," Aunt Geraldine scolded her niece.

"I'm going for a walk. I'll be back in time for the train," Alexandra had already turned her back on her aunt.

Alexandra started to walk up the hills by her house, and eventually, her aunt's shouting could no longer be heard. She's just jealous I'm next in line to the throne, she thought bitterly. Her thoughts were interrupted by a familiar pang downstairs. Ugh, I really should have used the washroom before leaving. She considered turning back, but decided it would be too embarrassing at this point. She'd just have to hold it.

The Princess walked for miles, and whilst she was trying to enjoy herself, her need to urinate was making it difficult for her to concentrate, and she was starting to get increasingly desperate to relieve herself. Her corset was pressing into her bladder, making the situation more urgent. She was miles away from civilisation, and even if she turned back towards the house, it would still take her an hour and a half to get there. Observing no one else anywhere nearby, Alexandra held herself through her dress, slightly easing the pressure. This is bad, she thought. I definitely won't make it back to the house. I'm absolutely bursting.

Crossing her legs as tight as her dress would allow her, and bouncing up and down on the spot, the Princess gathered her thoughts. Looking around again, Alexandra couldn't see anyone. The two options were now clear: urinate outside or wet herself. Scouting out the most secluded place, Alexandra ran towards a nearby tree as fast as her full bladder would allow her. As she was running, a dribble of pee escaped her urethra, and ran slowly down her leg. Reaching the tree, Alexandra was about to pull her panties down when she heard a long hissing sound, followed by a moan.

"Oh God that feels good!" the voice exclaimed. The Princess walked to the other side of the tree, shocked to see a young blonde woman weeing out in the open, seemingly without a care in the world. From her scraggly dirty dress, Alexandra could tell that she was from a very different background. But she was taken aback by how beautiful she looked, mouth agape, long windswept blonde hair obscuring part of her face. Despite the lack of make-up, she was naturally very pretty. Alexandra snapped out of her brief fantasy as her bladder spasmed, tortured by the sound of this lady's stream against the hard mud. It took all of Alexandra's might to stop another spurt escaping.

"Ahem," the princess coughed.

"Sorry love, been dying for that," the lady replied, her stream still going.

"Look, I need to do the same thing, can you promise you won't look?" Alexandra asked, feeling the crotch of her drawers dampen. The Princess didn't wait for an answer. Going to the other side of the tree, Alexandra pulled her drawers down, and almost immediately, a jet of urine erupted from her urethra. The Princess was in utter heaven, as seven hours worth of pent up urine exited her body. She didn't care that small drops pee was splashing against her leg, nor that her cleaners would likely see the big stain of pee on her underwear. She made a noise that she'd never made before as the pee kept on coming.

"You really had to go huh?" the lady asked.

Alexandra looked shellshocked. She instinctively tried to halt her stream, but she was too far gone. She was next in line to the throne, and here she was, pissing in front of a commoner who was presumably going back to tell her friends that she just saw a princess's vagina.

"I told you not to look," Alexandra hissed once her stream had finally finished, and she'd pulled her drawers back up.

"You asked me not to look," the lady corrected her. "Anyway you saw mine."

"Yes but you're not..." Alexandra was careful not to reveal herself as a Princess just in case she somehow didn't recognise her. "... I'm sorry about that."

"Apology accepted. I'm Amelia by the way."

"Alexandra," Alexandra smiled politely.

"You're not from around here are you?" Amelia asked abruptly.

"No... not quite. I'm from London actually, it's all rather different down there," Alexandra was almost embarrassed about how posh she sounded.

"The big city! I've always wanted to go there, what's it like?" Amelia asked with a childlike curiosity.

The two sat down on the grass and spoke for hours, talking about their lives. Amelia was a housemaid for a wealthy family in Malvern, but wanted to move to London to get a better paid job. Alexandra was careful not to mention that she was a princess, so instead pretended that her dad owned a factory in London. She'd never experienced anything like this before. She had friends in London, but this felt different. This felt authentic. Like she was being liked for who she was rather than what she was. So engrossed in the conversation, Alexandra didn't even notice that the sun was starting to go down.

"Oh no, I should have been on the train home now! My aunt is going to be furious," Alexandra exclaimed. "Listen, I've got to go, but it really was a pleasure meeting you!"

"Likewise. If I ever make it to London, I'll come and find you," Amelia smiled.

The two locked eyes, and Amelia embraced the Princess, kissing her on the lips. Alexandra backed away, horrified.

"I'm sorry, I..." Amelia looked hurt at her reaction.

Alexandra didn't know what to say, so she just ran away, tears streaming down her eyes as she tried to comprehend what had just happened.

