HoloMess (Un-Gama Tetris)

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2024-01-10 01:15

I'm not dead! It's been a long time since I last posted, but I've mostly got my life sorted out and have more free time and motivation to write again. I hope you enjoy this story. I promise the next one won't take so long!

“Hi Master! Wantama!”

“Kon Kon Kitsune!”

“Kon~ Ban~ Washoi!”

“It’s been a while since we’ve done one of these, so I hope you all are excited!” The crossdressing dog-boy Inuyama Tamaki greeted incoming viewers to the stream as he set up an online lobby of Tetris. Joining him in greeting the viewers was Shirakami Fubuki and Natsuiro Matsuri, returning veterans of Tamaki’s Endurance Tetris series. The rules of the game were simple. Streamers would compete against each other in the game while holding their urge to pee. After a round was over, all participants except the winner would have to perform a task that would increase their desperation. This cycle would continue until a player wets themselves.

“Yeah, it sure has been,” Fubuki agreed, nervously. Despite having wet herself once before during Tamaki’s gameshow, she wasn’t keen on having any other accidents. That wasn’t the only factor, however. To celebrate the return of his show, Tamaki decided to up the ante; instead of holding their bladders, they’d be fighting the urge to poop. This didn’t excite the fox-girl, especially considering her ‘incident’ from a couple of years back. That being said, there was a reason she knew it would be safe to enter the revival episode, and she was staring right at said reason.

“Hehe, this’ll be cake!” Matsuri proclaimed. The eccentric cheerleader talked big game, but in reality, she had the worst record of any participant on Endurance Tetris. Of the twelve times she had competed, nine times she ended up sitting in a puddle of her own urine. Not to mention the various times she has wet herself on and off stream, unprovoked by anything but her overconfidence in her bladder. “Don’t make any mistakes, poop is totally different,” she claimed as Tamaki’s chat voted her as the projected loser. “I haven’t crapped myself since I was a baby! That’s more than can be said about Ms. Poopy Pants over there,” Matsuri jested, prompting Fubuki to redden faster than hot iron.

“S-shut up! It was only once!” she deflected. “It’s not fair! I literally had the shit scared out of me…”

“Enough ladies, you both will have the opportunity to prove you don’t need diapers soon enough.” Both girls glared at Tamaki, obviously not amused. “Alright chat, you know the gist. We play Tetris, winner of each round is saved from punishment, the losers drink water, and it goes until someone wets themselves. However, this time things are gonna be a little different since it’s our bowels on the line. For one, we’ve all had three full meals today to make sure this doesn’t last forever.” As he says this, the femboy pulls out a small roulette wheel and places it next to him.

“Aaaaand we got a punishment wheel! After each round, I’m gonna spin the wheel at the end of each round, and whatever it lands on will be the losers’ punishment!” The chat spammed clapping emojis while the other vtubers groaned, already knowing what was on the wheel as they had to prepare the items in advance. They had second thoughts about participating but Tamaki had already paid them a fair sum to participate, so it was too late to back out now. “Hmm, let’s see here… Laxatives, prunes, squats, and plenty of other tricks to help get things flowing! I’m excited, aren’t you girls?”

“Bring it!” Matsuri belted, her pride overshadowing her dignity.

“Y-yeah…,” Fubuki croaked, not as inspired as her genmate.

“Okay, let’s get it!” Tamaki started the first round. The game was already engaging, as the vtubers figured out which strategies they wanted to go with. Tamaki and Fubuki opted for the “4-wide” setups, while Matsuri opted to keep things simple and aimed exclusively for Tetris clears. Admittedly the game was much more even than normal, perhaps because the stakes were much higher than normal, or simply because a certain blue-haired idol wasn’t present to dominate them all. However, in the end, the dog-boy came out on top, sticking his tongue out at the other two in celebration.

“Damn it!” Matsuri exclaimed as she jumped in frustration, her skirt lifting to briefly flash her panties through her pantyhose.

“You don’t have to let everyone know you’re wearing stripes to vent your anger, you know?” Fubuki jabbed, prompting the brunette to embarrassedly sit and pull her skirt down a little.

“P-please, I know you’re salty too,” she retorted.

“Ahem,” Tamaki cleared his throat. “If you’re done being sore losers after the first round, I’ll spin the wheel for your punishment.”

“Fine,” the other two said in unison. Tamaki spun the wheel, the girls watching nervously as it rotated in a blur. Eventually, the wheel came to a halt, the needle resting on their first of many punishments: laxatives. The pair sighed as they lifted up a couple of pills in each of their palms to their cameras, then downed the tablets to show the viewers they weren’t faking their task.

“Hehe, those are quick acting. I guess we’ll see how quick that is,” the dog-boy teased.

Several rounds passed unceremoniously, with the trio each enduring various punishments such as sit-ups, prunes, coffee, etc. after a loss. However, the punishments were definitely working, each member starting to struggle as they felt something knocking at their backdoor. And as time went on, a separate need was growing inside of Fubuki that was proving impossible to ignore.

“Gotta go,” Fubuki kept repeating in her head, her legs crossing back and forth out of the camera’s view. She was losing the battle against her bladder, and due to the laxatives and coffee, her bowels weren’t far behind in the race. The growing desperation to pee was also drawing her away from the game, causing her to lose more rounds. As she struggled to both fill the gap in her Tetris board and keep herself from filling her shorts, white-haired fox knew something had to give. With a deep breath, she opened her legs slightly and let go. A cascade of urine immediately drenched her white panties and black shorts, rolling off of her gaming chair into a puddle at her bare feet. It was embarrassing having to reconcile with peeing herself on purpose, but her sphincter didn’t give her much time for thought as something started to poke out of her anus. Clenching her butt, the fox-girl returned her focus on the game only to find that she had already lost while she was taking care of business.

“H-ha! I w-win this one!” Matsuri boasted through small whines.

“I-it seems so…,” Tamaki too, was hitting his limit as he rocked his butt back and forth. He spun the wheel yet again, but this time, the punishment made both losers go pale.

“Push for 15 seconds”

“N-no way,” Fubuki stammered, sweat streaming down her body into her already soaked shorts. Time stopped. She was at a loss. At this rate, she’d mess herself for the second time in her career and solidify herself as the baby of the company. She scanned her brain for options, ways she could avoid tarnishing her reputation and saving her ego. Yet despite her best efforts, Fubuki knew there was no way to avoid pooping her pants. Even if she were to pretend to push on her bowels, it would only be a matter of minutes before her body gives out anyways. Then it hit her. “Pretend? Oh, that’s it!”

“Alright… you ready Fubuki…?” Tamaki asked, bracing himself for the worst and snapping the girl out of her thought.

“Y-yeah,” Fubuki replied, ready to set her plan in motion.

“Oookay, now push!” Matsuri commanded, starting the timer on her phone.

“Ugh…,” both Tamaki and Fubuki groaned, the pushing from their bodies being more than enough for their anuses to open as both members fully void themselves in their underwear. Tamaki stood up for the act, his polka dot panties completely tenting outwards as a large coil of feces occupied the space between. Fubuki wasn’t as fortunate. As soon as she started pushing, a small nugget came out followed by a wave of mush spilling out of her, quickly taking up all the space in her panties and caking her rear end in the mess. However, compared to Tamaki, who was borderline crying, she kept a straight face, giving the illusion she was still holding on despite pushing everything out until she was empty. When it was all said and done, having messed herself almost twice as much as her previous experience, the fox-girl gave the camera a grin. The chat and Matsuri both applauded her for being able to keep it in; she pooped herself and kept her dignity intact.

“Eeeeewww, my panties are totally ruined,” Tamaki mused, now more fascinated with the mess in his girly underwear than upset. He turned his butt to the camera to give the audience a clear look, and earned puking emojis in response. “Welp,” he said, plopping back down in his chair before continuing, “I’m out for the count. It’s up to you two. May the best girl win!” Tamaki changed his role in the game to spectator before starting the next game, with one girl determined to win, and the other knowing she’s already won.

A few more matches elapsed as Matsuri was now on the defensive, losing almost all of them. Despite now getting uncomfortable and a bit itchy from shuffling and stewing in her own mess, the lack of distractions made it easy for Fubuki to beat the potty-dancing girl at the game. After being subjected to more coffee and sit-ups, the cheerleader was at her wits end.

“H-how did she suddenly get so fucking good?!” Matsuri raged as she lost yet again.

“Wow, this must really not be your day!” Tamaki commented, now fully chipper again in spite of his own mess weighing down his panties. “Though, I do hope this wraps up soon. If not, I might get a rash,” he joked, spinning the wheel again.

“10 squats”

“S-shit,” Matsuri cursed, rubbing her legs together as her butt was clenched to the maximum. She knew full well that even a single squat would loosen her muscles enough to spell disaster in her underwear.

“What’s the matter?” Fubuki taunted. “Gotta go potty?” she asked sarcastically, before mockingly sucking her thumb.

“Sh-shut the hell up!” Matsuri flared. “I-I-I’ll show y-y-you!” With that, she stood up and positioned herself with her back facing her webcam. In an attempt to prove a point, the girl yanked her skirt down to her feet, giving the world a full view of her pantyhose-clad butt. The other vtubers’ jaws hit the floor as Matsuri miraculously started pumping out squats.

However, her pace hit an abrupt halt after the ninth squat. Matsuri could feel her sphincter screaming, praying to God, or herself, for mercy. “Alright, last one. Nice and slow,” she thought aloud, but her final descent would prove to be fatal. As she reached the bottom of the squat, her now spread anus had had enough. An unstoppable wave of brown lava erupted from her behind, instantly destroying her yellow-striped panties. Her underwear was failing to contain wave after wave of semisolid poop that gushed out, leaking out of the leg holes into her pantyhose. It began oozing down her legs, trapped between the tight mesh and her soft skin.

“Oh my goodness, it’s an avalanche!” Tamaki jested to capitalize on the scene unfolding.

“Ughhh… oohhhh…,” Matsuri moaned, reduced to nothing more that groans and yells from the release that encapsulated her. After what felt like forever, the volcano in her rear started to calm, and for a brief moment, there was silence. Weak in her knees, Matsuri’s legs gave out, falling on her behind as a loud splat sound echoed in her microphone. Regaining her senses, there was nothing left for the girl but regret as she started sobbing uncontrollably on the floor like a baby.

“Matsuri…,” Fubuki said, stunned at the sight of her friend looking just like she did during her last accident. The guilt hit her like a truck. She knew she had cheated to save face, and now one of her closest friends was suffering because of it. The fox-girl looked down at her wet and messy state before resolving herself to do the right thing. “Um… everyone? I have something I have to confess…”

“H-huh?” Matsuri turned her teary-eyed face to her monitor, only to be shocked at what she was witnessing. Fubuki had her shorts around her ankles, poop-filled panties on display to the whole world.

“I-I’ve been a bad girl,” she joked. “I pooped my panties on stream again… like the baby I am…” Fubuki blushed hard at the words coming out of her mouth and her accompanying actions, but in her mind, she knew that in order to make things right, she needed to humiliate herself to a higher magnitude than Matsuri’s accident.

“Fubuki…,” Matsuri looked at her screen, her tears dried, stunned by what her friend was doing. However, after a few seconds, she couldn’t help but burst out in laughter. “Hahaha, I knew you were a baby! Had to cheat to put yourself in the big girl club!”

“Hey! I’m doing this to make you feel better!” Fubuki clapped back, annoyed.

“And I do!” Matsuri said in a fit of laughter, before eventually calming down to say, “Thanks.”

“Oh my gooooooood that was so cute!” Tamaki interjected, ruining the moment. “But since all of us are currently sitting in out own waste, I don’t think I can call this game anything but a draw. And that just won’t do, will it guys?” Tamaki watched as his chat agreed with him, messages travelling up the screen at a record speed. “I guess we’re just gonna have to do it again next week! You girls down?” The two friends stared at their screens for a second before each cracking a wide smile.

“Yeah.”

