A wet time, an Undertale omorashi fanfic (Re-published with proper spelling, minor additions and whatnot, cause I'm trash)

Author: Ninjajoe95

*000*2016-07-05 08:52

Inspired by: http://rivertimeline.tumblr.com/post/132748655564/tfw-you-have-to-take-a-shit-but-apparently

Author's note: I know that Frisk has an ambiguous gender, but for the sake of this story, Frisk will be female. Cause its my story, so shut up. Nah, just kidding. But seriously. My choice this time. Don't like it? Think Frisk should be macho manly? Write your own story and go nuts! (More like, give them nuts. Bad puns FTW) :-)

EDIT: Yes, I posted it before, then I noticed there were a bunch of spelling errors. And for some reason, I couldn't edit it anymore. So, I fixed it, and re-posted it. I know, I'm trash. I'm sorry. It's unprofessional, but nobody's perfect.

DISCLAIMER: I, in no way, own Undertale or any of its characters, story, etc. All credit for the amazing game goes to Toby Fox, and I highly recommend playing it if you haven't already. It's really cool.

ANYWAYS... without further ado, let's begin my first omorashi story.

CHAPTER 1

Frisk walked into an area of the RUINS, and saw a bare tree, surrounded by red leaves at its base. After taking a mere two or three steps forward, Toriel could be heard, saying "Oh dear, that took longer then I thought it would." She appears just off to the right of this tree, not noticing Frisk until she attempted to call the cell phone she had given her, only to hear the ringing from within the room. Surprised, she approached the child, the worry washed away with relief that she found her way here. "How did you get here, my child? Are you hurt?" She asked.

After briefly inspecting her for wounds, she said, with surprise in her voice "Not a scratch... Impressive! But still..." Though, frankly, she suspected Frisk would be unharmed, what with her hasty retreat from the training dummy. She said, "I should not have left you alone for so long. It was irresponsible to try to surprise you like this." She noticed, however, that Frisk could not hold still, and must have though she was getting a little impatient. "Err..." She trailed off, then said "Well, I suppose I cannot hide it any longer. Come small one!" she said with excitement, before leading Frisk to her home in the RUINS.

Seeing such a cute, tidy house in the RUINS gave Frisk DETERMINATION. However, her troubles were far from over, as the pressure of her bladder slowly continued to build...

Upon walking into her new home, Frisk was greeted once again by Toriel, who excitedly told them "Do you smell that?"

Frisk took a brief moment to smell for herself. A wonderful aroma was sensed from the kitchen. It smelled like...

"Surprise!" Toriel exclaimed, stopping that train of thought at its destination. "It is a butterscotch-cinnamon pie." Hearing this brought a smile to the human child's face, as it has been some time since she had last eaten. Toriel continued "I thought we might celebrate your arrival. I want you to have a nice time living here. So I will hold off on snail pie for tonight." A feeling of minor shock, then relief came over Frisk, as snails did not sound like a good meal for a human.

"Here," Toriel said "I have another surprise for you." She led Frisk right, a short walk down a long hallway. "This is it..." Toriel said, taking the child's hand to lead them to... "A room of your own. I hope you like it!" Toriel rubbed Frisk's head affectionately. "Neat!" Frisk exclaimed. "But, uh..." Toriel looked at her. "What is it, my child?" She asked. "Where's the toilet?" Frisk asked rather curtly. A look of confusion washed over the goat-like face of Toriel. "What's a toilet?" Toriel asked, puzzled. A feeling of dread hung over Frisk. "What?" She said, disappointed. No toilet? That's gonna be a huge problem down the line.

"Is something burning..." A look of small surprise washed over her. "Um... Make yourself at home!" She exclaimed before rushing off towards the kitchen.

Frisk entered the room. Inside was a lamp, a shoebox containing shoes of varying sizes, a dresser, with an empty photo frame on top, a cabinet beside it, a bed, and at it's foot, a box full of toys.

Putting off the pressure of her bladder as something that can be taken care of at a later time, with or without a toilet, Frisk turned off the lamp and hopped into bed for a nap.

CHAPTER 2

Upon waking, Frisk hopped out of bed, and was greeted by the sight of a slice of butterscotch-cinnamon pie. She picked up the pie slice and put it in her inventory. She then remembered her growing need, but without a toilet, there wasn't much she could do. She was much too nervous to squat outside in the RUINS. What if a monster saw her peeing? Can't have that. She walked out of the room, and headed for the living room to talk to Toriel. If she wanted to have some private relief without a toilet, she certainly wasn't going to do it in the RUINS. Hopefully, somewhere outside the RUINS, she could find the privacy she needed.

Frisk entered the living room, and saw Toriel sitting in a large chair, reading a book. She approached her. "Up already, I see?" She said. "Um, I want you to know how glad I am to have someone here. There are so many old books I want to share. I want to show you my favorite bug-hunting spot. I've also prepared a curriculum for your education." Toriel wasn't even trying to hide her excitement at this point. "This may come as a surprise to you..." she said, "But I have always wanted to be a teacher." After an awkward moment of silence she said "... actually, perhaps that isn't very surprising." Frisk nodded. "STILL." she said sternly, "I am glad to have you living here. Oh, did you want something? What is it?" She asked. Frisk decided it was worth asking once more. "Where's the bathroom?" She asked Toriel, who responded "Oh, are you wanting to take a bath, my child? It's at the end of the hall."

Upon hearing this, Frisk got a little excited. So excited, a drop or two leaked into her panties. Though she quickly regained control. With that, she walked briskly down the hall and opened the fourth door at the hall's end. Inside was a sink and a bathtub, but...

"Where is the toilet!?" Frisk said in a panic. Not wanting to reduce herself to peeing in a sink or bathtub, she decided she had to leave the RUINS. Her DETERMINATION was too strong to give up now

Frisk went back to Toriel, and asked "When can I go home?" Toriel said "What? This... this IS your home now." Trying to change the subject, Toriel said "Um... would you like to hear about this book I am reading? It is called '72 uses for Snails'. How about it?

Not wanting to waste time, Frisk asked "How do I exit the RUINS?" Trying to keep the subject away from the human girl leaving her, she said "Um... how about an exciting snail fact? Did you know that snails... have a chainsaw-like tongue called a radula? Interesting."

Frisk was getting too desperate to get distracted, and once again asked how to exit the RUINS.

"... I have to do something. Stay here." Toriel said. With that, she put away her book, took off her reading glasses, stood up, and quickly exited the room, descending downstairs to the basement. Curious, Frisk decided to follow her.

CHAPTER 3

Frisk descended the staircase to the basement. Unlike the bright friendly atmosphere of the house itself, the basement was dark, ominous, and uninviting, but far from threatening to someone with as much DETERMINATION as herself.

After walking a short way down the hall, she saw Toriel. She did not turn to face the human girl, but sensed her presence. She spoke "You wish to know how to return 'home,' do you not? Ahead of us lies the end of the RUINS. A one-way exit to the rest of the underground. I am going to destroy it. No one will ever be able to leave again. Now be a good child and go upstairs."

Destroy the exit? Frisk couldn't let that happen. She followed Toriel further down the hall. After catching up with her again, she spoke up again "Every human that falls down here meets the same fate. I have seen it again and again. They come. They leave. They die. You naive child... If you leave the RUINS... They... ASGORE... Will kill you... I am only protecting you, do you understand? ... go to your room." With that, she went ahead once more.

Frisk took this in. But remembering what's at stake, she would rather be killed then seen wetting herself. She went after Toriel again.

After catching up with her at a bend in the hall, Toriel once again spoke to Frisk "Do not try to stop me. This is your final warning." She went left, down the bend. Once more, Frisk followed, determined to get out of the RUINS before she had an accident. She gave herself a quick hold to help calm her bladder's protest, then, against her better judgement, she drank the Spider Cider she had in her inventory. But as she drank, she noticed something... odd.

Rather then travel down her throat to her stomach, it hit the back of her throat, and... dissolved. That's when she realized that THAT'S why Toriel did not have, or need a toilet. The food here was not digested, but rather, had magical properties that healed the consumer, and gave them a feeling of fullness, as well as keeping them hydrated and energized, but because of these magical properties, did not create a waste for the body to expel. At the very least, it would take some time before Frisk lost control. All she had to do was convince Toriel to let her leave the RUINS.

Frisk approached Toriel for the last time.

After a brief, deep inhale, Toriel spoke. "You want to leave so badly? Hmph. You are just like the others. There is only one solution to this. Prove yourself... Prove to me you are strong enough to survive."

The room darkened, and the FIGHT began.

*Toriel blocks the way!

*Mercy

*Spare

"....."

Toriel attacks with paw sweep II.

*Toriel looks through you.

*Mercy

*Spare

"..... ....."

Toriel attacks with Fire waves.

*Toriel prepares a magical attack.

*Mercy

*Spare

"..... ..... ....."

Toriel attacks with Fire waves II

*Toriel looks through you

*Mercy

*Spare

"...?"

Toriel attacks with paw sweep

*Toriel takes a deep breath

*Mercy

*Spare

"What are you doing?"

Toriel attacks with paw sweep II

*Toriel looks through you

*Mercy

*Spare

"Attack or run away!"

Toriel attacks with Fire waves II

*Toriel looks through you

*Mercy

*Spare

"What are you proving this way?"

Toriel attacks with paw sweep

*Toriel takes a deep breath

*Mercy

*Spare

"Fight me or leave!"

Toriel attacks with paw sweep

*Toriel takes a deep breath

*Mercy

*Spare

"Stop it."

Toriel attacks with paw sweep II

*Toriel looks through you.

*Mercy

*Spare

"Stop looking at me that way."

Toriel attacks with Fire wave II

*Toriel looks through you

*Mercy

*Spare

"Go away!"

Toriel attacks with paw sweep II

*Mercy

*Spare

"..."

Toriel attacks with paw sweep II

*Toriel looks through you

*Mercy

*Spare

"... ..."

Toriel's attacks are faltering

*Mercy

*Spare

"I know you want to go home, but..."

*Mercy

*Spare

"But please... Go upstairs now."

*Mercy

*Spare

"I promise I will take good care of you here."

*Mercy

*Spare

"I know we do not have much, but..."

*Mercy

*Spare

"We can have a good life here."

*Mercy

*Spare

"Why are you making this so difficult?"

*Mercy

*Spare

"Please, go upstairs."

*Mercy

*Spare

"....."

*Mercy

*Spare

"Ha ha..."

*Mercy

*Spare

"Pathetic, is it not? I cannot save even a single child."

*Mercy

*Spare

"..."

*Mercy

*Spare

"No, I understand. You would just be unhappy trapped down there. The RUINS are very small once you get used to them. It would not be right for you to grow up in a place like this. My expectations... My loneliness... My fear... For you, my child... I will put them aside."

The fight ends.

"If you truly wish to leave the RUINS...

I will not stop you. However, when you leave... Please do not come back. I hope you understand."

Tears started to fall from Frisk's eyes, and Toriel gave her a loving embrace.

"Goodbye, my child." She said lovingly.

Toriel walked past the human girl, took one last look at her, then retreated upstairs, towards the patch of flowers where Frisk landed.

With Toriel out of sight, Frisk doubled over, grabbing at her crotch to keep the floodgates closed. After regaining control once again, she headed through the large door, and down a long hallway. At the Hall's end, was a small patch of grass, similar to that just before the ruins. And in the middle was that flower.

"I bet you feel really great." He said.

"You didn't kill anybody this time. But what will you do if..." but Frisk was in no mood to hear this speech. She had a much more pressing matter to attend to. So she sprinted right towards the surprised flower, and jumped over him, clearing it with ease.

"Wh... what the heck?" He exclaimed, before noticing something. His face had a few drops of moisture on it. But it doesn't rain underground. Why...

Flowey came to realize just what it was.

"YOU IDIOT! DID YOU JUST LEAK URINE ON MY FACE!? IF I SEE YOU AGAIN, I'LL FUCKING KILL YOU! OVER. AND OVER! AND OVER!!!!!"

But by the time he said this, Frisk was already out of the RUINS.

CHAPTER 4

Frisk had just exited the RUINS, the large door sealed shut behind her from the inside. Her floodgates, however, were not closed anywhere near as tight as that door. She was on the verge of wetting herself. She looked left. A bush! It's not a toilet, but it'll have to do. She approached it, her hands at her waist band, ready to pull her shorts and panties off in one fluid motion. But, after closer inspection, she noticed a camera in the bushes! Whether this was an act of voyeurism or a more innocent form of spying, she didn't care. She just didn't want to be seen peeing. Looks like she'd have to go further into the underground.

Frisk walked further down the beaten path in the snowy forest. As she walked, she passed a countless amount of trees. Along the trail, there was a tough-looking branch, but it was too heavy to pick up. She walked passed it, ignoring it, until she heard it snap behind her. She picked up her walking speed. Not long after, she heard footsteps. Worried more for her life now then her bladder, she moved faster. She saw a bridge. If she could get across that. She might just lose this thing. But just as she reached the bridge, she stopped in her tracks. Partially from the overwhelming pressure of her bladder. But mostly because that... thing caught up to her, and she froze in horror as it walked up to her from behind, her bladder leaking a short stream, which she was almost immediately able to stop. Barely.

Then it spoke. "Human. Don't you know how to greet a new pal? Turn around and shake my hand."

Terrified of what could happen, Frisk turned to face the shadowy figure. It extended it's left arm. She took it, and heard what sounded like... flatulance?

She looked up at the figure, revealed to be a skeleton, about her height. And now, he spoke in a much more friendly and relaxed tone. "Heheh... the old whoopee cushion in the hand trick. It's ALWAYS funny."

At the very least, Frisk could be relieved that she wasn't going to die by this jokester's hands. But she couldn't truly relax until she relieved her aching bladder. It was getting difficult for her to hold it in, and while her shorts were dry, her panties already pretty wet. So, at the very last, her problem wasn't totally noticeable yet. But she couldn't keep still, which he did seem to notice, but didn't comment on.

"Anyways." He continued, "You're a human, right? That's hilarious. I'm Sans. Sans the Skeleton. I'm actually supposed to be on watch for humans right now. But... Y'know... I don't really care about capturing anybody. Now my brother, Papyrus... He's a human-hunting FANATIC. Hey, actually, I think that's him over there." He pointed out. "I have an idea. Go through this gate thingy. Yeah, go right through. My bro made the bars too wide to stop anyone."

Frisk, already at her limit, slowly crossed the short bridge. Each step she took, she leaked a little more, and by the time she got halfway across the bridge, she started to lose control, as it filled her panties, overflowed into her shorts, spilled onto the bridge, and dripped into the abyss below as the puddle outgrew the width of the bridge.

"Oh..." Sans said, finally understanding why she couldn't keep still. After what felt like a long and awkward time for the both of them, she finally stopped peeing, her bpadder emptied of it's contents. Her shorts were soaked through, nevermind her panties. Frisk fell to her knees and began to sob, softly at first and then louder.

"Oh geez, kid. Please, stop crying." He said as he helped her up. "I'm... sorry..." she said, her voice filled with sorrow, regret, embarrassment, and shame. "There's no need to apologize, kid. Accidents happen. How about I take you back to my place so we can get you and your clothes cleaned up?"

Wiping away her tears, Frisk nodded. "Alright. Let's go. Take my hand. I know a shortcut."

