Story based off an image by bombality

Author: NotGraeme

*000*2021-08-14 04:35

Rudi

It was the warmest Saturday morning for all of October. It was looking like it was going to be a cold and dreary fall, but today was 20 degrees celsius (or 68 degrees for my American friends) and Rudi was definitely going to take advantage of it. She had woken up earlier than usual today, and had decided to go for a nice long jog. She changed into her favourite blue sports bra, blue sport shorts, and put on her blue running shoes (she liked everything matching). She left a note to her kids saying she would be back at about 11 o’clock. That would give her three hours to run. She also grabbed a plastic water bottle, to stay hydrated. She left in a hurry, knowing that a nice day like today would attract quite a few people who wanted to go for a run in the sun while it lasted. Because of this, Rudi didn’t go to the bathroom in the morning. She didn’t have to go, anyway.

Drinking a cup of coffee before leaving, Rudi locked the door and set off.

She thought it would be a good idea to go to the park about fifteen minutes away from her house and just do a few laps around the trails in it, as one lap of the park was almost an hour. There were also water fountains at regular intervals around the park so water wasn’t a problem.

Rudi started off at a good pace and jogged around the park, looking at plants and trees and overall enjoying the run. She drank her water regularly and refilled it at each drinking fountain. Rudi briefly worried about what might happen if she had to go to the bathroom, but dismissed the thought, thinking that there would be porta-potties beside the paths. This would be saved for a last resort, as Rudi hated any toilet that didn’t flush.

After about thirty minutes, Rudi started seeing increasing numbers of other joggers, which Rudi thought of a challenge. She was determined to keep at the same pace as the other runners, so she drank more water to stay hydrated.

Almost an hour after Rudi first left the house, she was coming up to the start of the trail. She saw the public outhouses and realized that she needed a pee somewhat, but she had hit a sort of groove running and didn’t want to stop now. She vowed that she would complete another two laps of the park before stopping for anything other than water. Fitness was her most important concern right now. Every twenty or so minutes Rudi would spot a porta-potty, but they almost always had at least a few people waiting outside and Rudi didn’t really have to go. She was probably a two or three out of ten on the desperation scale, which meant she was feeling the urge, but didn’t want or need to stop.

Rudi eventually came around to the start of the trail again and her bladder was really bugging her, but she wasn’t going to break her stride just so she could pee. She was actually feeling so confident about her pace that she decided she could do four laps instead. She sent a quick text to her kids saying she was going to be out a bit longer than expected and to expect her back at 12. Rudi chugged the rest of her bottle, and recycled it. No use carrying a bottle around anymore.

Even though Rudi was having a good time running, her bladder was bothering her quite a bit now. When she crossed the bridge over the stream, the roaring water made her need to squeeze her thighs together quickly, but she was still going to continue running. She would, however, stop at the main bathrooms next time she passed the start if the line wasn’t too long. No reason to become desperate if there were bathrooms nearby.

A few minutes later Rudi realized that even though porta-potties were supposed to be places to relieve yourself, they were just making Rudi need to pee more. Seeing other people relieving themselves made Rudi’s bladder jealous, and sent much stronger “I need to pee” messages to her brain. Her tight running shorts were definitely not helping either, as they were pushing directly on her bladder.

Rudi came around the final bend of the trail, to see large lines of anywhere between 12 to 20 people waiting in line FOR EACH STALL. This was getting crazy. Rudi was at a six or a seven out of ten now, meaning every few steps she had to squeeze her thighs together to stop from leaking. If she saw a bathroom with less than four people in line, she had to use it. No matter how disgusting it was, it was better than peeing her pants. Seeing everyone lined up just made it worse. Rudi was now at a solid eight out of ten. She was now desperate. Her thighs had to stay clenched and her hands were balled into fists at her sides. Rudi no longer cared about running as fast as she could, her only concern was finding a bathroom. She quickly considered waiting in line for the public bathrooms, but the lines were just too long. Her only hope was to find a vacant porta-potty, or at least one with a short line.

Twenty minutes later, Rudi was seriously considering holding herself. It would be extremely embarrassing, but it would help hold her piss, which threatened to come out at every step. She had just caught sight of one of the porta-potties when her bladder spasmed.

A hot, wet spurt of pee spurted out of her bladder. At this point, Rudi couldn’t afford to be discreet. She jammed her hands into her crotch and clutched herself in the middle of the trail for about twenty seconds without moving. When Rudi felt she could safely let go of her crotch and clenched her fists at her sides again. She shuffled/waddled to the back of the line for the porta-potty, and squirmed in place while she waited.

Everyone ahead of her must have had to poop or something, because Rudi had only moved up two places in line. She was going to have to find somewhere else. Two additional spurts had dampened a dime-sized wet patch on her shorts, but unless you stared right at it you wouldn’t notice it.

Rudi reluctantly left the line and shuffled along the path, hoping to find another bathroom.

The next ten minutes were pure torture for poor Rudi. She ever so slowly waddled down the trail, blushing at questioning looks from strangers. God, if only they knew how desperate she was.

All of a sudden, Rudi was slammed into from behind. Someone had accidentally bumped into her from behind. The unexpected movement caused Rudi to leak for a solid three seconds before regaining control.

“Whoops, sorry!” The stranger said, before resuming jogging.

Rudi knew that she was 100% going to piss herself. Continuous spurts had left a baseball sized stain on the front of her pants. Rudi was at ten. Her only hope was to waddle as far as she could away from the trail before she pissed herself in the middle of a busy trail.

Unfortunately, her bladder had had enough. She started peeing uncontrollably on the side of the path while blushing furiously. She was a grown woman. She shouldn’t be pissing herself in the middle of a public park.

And so that was how Rudi found herself peeing in her favourite shorts, with her thighs clenched and hands balled into fists, at the side of a running trail filled with people.

$$

*002*2021-08-14 21:01

{{15 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Glad my request inspired such a great story!

}}

This image is easily one of my favourite omorashi pieces.

