Kirlia's bad school day

Author: Notme246

*000*2018-03-10 14:08

(Bad title is bad. :T) (Also Note: in this world, Humans don't exist, and pokemon actually are supposed to wear clothes.)

Kirlia POV:

I was in class. I looked at the clocked, one hour until schooled ended. The only problem was is I knew I couldn't make it that much longer.

I was at my desk, with one of my hands jammed into my pee hole and the other one "Writing" on my assignment. I wasn't really writing because I was distracted by my bladder, it throbbed and ached in pain and it was hard not to leak. The whole issue started at breakfast, I had 3 glasses of orange juice. And the first twinge of my bladder was in science class. But teachers don't allow us to go during class.

During break, I was going to go, but the line was long. Then, after PE, (Which especially wasn't fun due to my pee filled bladder) I was so tired and thirsty, I had two bottles of water. I could hear all the liquids slish and slosh in my body when I walked around. And it all really started to pile up. During that break, the line was still way too long! I decided to tell myself I could wait until after school, that was a mistake.

My bladder ached and throbbed as I tried my best not to leak. Luckily, I was in the back of the room, so non of the other students could see my hand jammed into my pee hole, but the teacher eyed the students in the back like a hawk, mostly because the one's in the back are the ones who have the easiest chance at getting away with something. Although I wasn't really a bad kid.

50 more minutes, I had no idea what to do, I just sat there, my bladder ready to explode and not only fill the seat with urine, but fill me with embarrassment. I knew if I would wet myself, I'd be a laughing stock, I would probably have to move schools or wear a bag on my head to hide my shame. I didn't want that, so I jammed my hand deeper and prayed.

I felt a strong pulse causing me to bend over. I knew I wouldn't make it much longer, I realized I had to take the risk, so I raised my other hand. "Yes?". The teacher, a male furret, said in his classy voice. "M-may I use the restroom please". I said trying not to make my voice sound desperate, "You know the rules Kirlia, no using the restroom during class, you'll have to wait until school ends". He said and then pulled out a book.

I heard an exchange of giggles and chuckles echo from around the room. I blushed badly in embarrassment and silently continue to struggle not to leak. Then some of the students started teasing. One of the shook their water bottle around. The sound of water sloshing made me think of sitting on the toilet and letting my pee hole open and letting out a nice, warm stream of urine and hearing it splash into the toilet. I tried to erase this thought from my mind, but then another student made it worse by loudly slurping their water bottle. The slurping made me think of the sound of liquid hitting liquid. Again, I tried to erase the thought.

Still 30 minutes to go. I had no choice but to jammed my other hand as deep into my pee hole as possible. My bladder ached and throbbed in pain, my slowly moved one of my hands onto my tummy, which felt like it was being closed into to the pressure of my bladder and the ocean of urine inside demanding to be released. I knew holding it in was bad for your health, but it was either potentially damage your body, or live a life of shame and embarrassment. I'd definitely choose the former over the latter.

My tummy felt swollen as a rejammed my other hand into my crotch, I could still hear the sound of other kids moving their water around teasing me. Then, one kid "accidently" knocked his open water bottle onto the floor. The water poured out the bottle and splashed all over the ground. I saw and instantly thought of the sensation of me peeing into the toilet, quickly erasing the thought, I closed my eyes and tried to not listen to anything around me. I heard the teacher tell the student to clean up the mess, and I still heard the constant shaking of water bottles. I could almost feel my entire crotch and pee hole shaking, as if it my bladder was gonna explode any second.

My tummy started aching again, I wanted so badly to rub it to ease the pain, but I couldn't even risk moving my hands from my pee hole at this point. I felt bloated and looked at my tummy, which looked at big as a balloon! I felt like not only my bladder, but I was gonna explode as well. Then, I felt it, a drop escaped.

I mentally panicked and held my pee hole tighter before a flow could start. I felt as if I was a volcano, shaking violently, ready to erupt at any point, any moment. My bladder at bursting point. And then I heard this-

*RING RING RING RING RING*

I dashed out the room as fast as I possibly could without leaking, not even grabbing my backpack. I speed walked to the girls restroom, but as soon as I got there....my heart sank and my face turned absolutely white.

The bathroom was closed.

And the other one was all the way across the school.

There was no way I could make it.

But then, there was a small sign of hope. A teacher, a female Bellossom walked by. "EXCUSE ME MISS!". I said not caring how panicked and squeaky my voice was. "U-um yes?". She asked confused. "CAN I PLEASE BORROW YOU KEY TO THE TEACHER'S RESTROOM?! PLEASE! PLEASE! PLEASE!". The look on her face told me she could tell how panicked and desperate I was, and how swollen and bloated my tummy looked. So she gave me the key and pointed down the hall. "It's right over there". Now all I had to do, was make it down there.

Easier said then done.

At first I sped walked, As much as I wanted to think of relief, I couldn't yet, I still had to make it their. I then felt a wave of pressure and hunched over, I then walked slowly, holding my pee hole as tight as I could. And finally I made it to the door. But, I didn't know which key was the one for the bathroom!

I crossed my legs as tight as I could and started looking through the keys. It was hard to focus on both not leaking and finding the right key, especially without my hands in my pee hole.

I finally found the key and pushed the door open. I then quickly slammed it shut and locked it. And there it was, a nice large white toilet, just waiting to be sat on. But then...

The sight of the toilet was too much. My bladder had had enough.

My pee hole open itself up and a steady stream started, I knew I couldn't stop it, so I ran to the toilet while it was still peeing all over the floor, pulled down my sweat pants and my pink panties, (which were both almost soaked) and sat my butt down the toilet as the stream of pee continued, the sound of liquid hitting liquid was the only sound I wanted to hear forever, I kept peeing for a good 5 minutes, all the urine, the ocean of pee exited my swollen bladder through my pee hole, until finally, the stream died down to a stop. But even then I didn't wanna get off the toilet. I just stayed there for a good 2 more minutes. And finally got up.

I then looked at my tummy, which was still a little bloated, but not nearly as bad as before. I then took the time to look at the mess I made on the ground. That was fixable, I could wipe that up. But what wasn't fixable was my pants and more importantly my panties. I couldn't leave the bathroom with both of them nearly soaked. But then I realized these were my PE pants, and I could just take off the panties and put new ones on later. My change of clothes was in my backpack. Wait...

My backpack...

I left it in class...

Oh Sh-.....

###

Well, hope you guys enjoyed that, yeah guess I left it at a kind of cliffhanger moment. If you do all wanna see what happens, please let me know in the comment! Anyways! Cya later! =3

