Unholy Water (Machikado Mazoku)

Author: NotACat

*000*2020-06-17 06:34

“That's not a very funny joke, Ms. Ancestor,” Yoshida Yuuko - though everyone kept calling her Shamiko lately - was discovering once again that maintaining the proper respect for the lewdly-dressed blonde demon that kept invading her dreams was somewhat difficult.

“It's not a joke. Why do you think demons dress like this? It's not because we're all exhibitionists.” Lilith pinched the bridge of her nose. She'd known her descendant hadn't been introduced to the finer points of demonology but this much should have been obvious. “Let's start over. Magical girls are affiliated with the light and their bodies are heavily attuned to it, you know that much at least, right?”

Getting a nod in return, Lilith continued. “As demons, we're attuned to the darkness and we can transfer that power from our bodies to other things or people. Something as powerful as a horn can make an object like the ancestor totem, but blood is usually enough for most contracts and spells.”

Shamiko froze at those words. “Hang on, that totem is your horn? Does that mean I've been keeping my ancestor's bones next to my bed? Oh God, I'm going to get cursed.”

“You're a demon, you're already cursed. A-ny-way, back to the topic. Bleeding all over the place doesn't exactly work in a fight and it's usually more power than you need. A demon's urine carries a weaker version of the same properties, but since you have a lot more of it to spare, it balances out. With practice, you should be able to use it to animate minions, and since it carries properties of darkness, it can damage magical girls.”

“W-wait, you mean I need to pee on the magical girls?” Shamiko bowed, “I'm sorry Ms. Pervert- I mean Ms. Ancestor, I'm not worthy of these powers, please find a later generation to do this.”

In spite of herself, Lilith blushed. “W-what gave you that idea!? You can just use it to raise golems and plant monsters or to give your weapons a darkness attribute,” Seeing Shamiko calm down, if only slightly, Lilith breathed a sigh of relief. “Anyway, these clothes make it a lot easier, but it helps to be able to go standing up.”

“Ah, Ancestor-san, I think you made a mistake. You'll need to wait until the next generation to find a boy.”

“There's a special technique to do it that we demons have passed down, and I'm going to teach it to you.”

“Eh. I don't need to go at all though. Guess we’ll have to wait for another night,” Shamiko tried to decline, edging her way back to her bed.

“We're in a dream, as long as you can remember something you can make it real in here.” Lilith said, grabbing Shamiko's arm.

“B-b-but peeing in dreams means that you wet the bed in real life!” Shamiko protested, trying to tug her arm free from her ancestor's grip.

“It'll be fine, demons have a lot more control over their dreams than humans do. Now quit whining, this is an essential skill to be a proper demon. You want to lift the curse, right?” At those last words, Lilith could feel Shamiko stop struggling to free her arm. “If you stay there I can demonstrate first, if that will help.”

“E-eh, I’m not sure it would be proper to watch an honored ancestor doing something like that. I’ll just give you some privacy,” Shamiko moved to cover her eyes and turn away.

“I insist.” Lilith said, with a firm grip on her defendant’s cheek.

“So, you want your feet a little ways apart and your clothes to be out of the way,” the elder demon explained, adjusting her stance and pulling the small piece of cloth that preserved her modesty to the side. “It helps if you can see what you're doing, but you need to pull your lips apart and up a little bit.”

“Ah, it would be easier for you to see that, Ms. Ancestor,” Shamiko interjected.

The temperature of the dream somehow seemed to drop as Lilith spoke through her gritted teeth, “I think I just heard something rather impolite. It must have just been my imagination, right?”

“Y-yes, Ms. Ancestor,” Shamiko's voice shook just a little as she carefully avoided looking at her ancestor’s rather flat chest.

“Good. So once you've got everything arranged, you can't just let the pee dribble out or it'll run down your leg. You sort of need to push it out,” To illustrate her point a jet of pale yellow urine sprayed out from her parted lips before falling into the void surrounding the two demons. As expected for someone with as much practice as she’d had, Lilith’s stream travelled a fair distance before breaking up into a slightly yellow rain and falling into the void. Without anything for the pee to splash against, the only sound either of them could hear was the quiet hissing of the urine as it passed from her gates of hell. After a short time Lilith cut off her stream and shook off the few drops that made it onto her hands. “There, now you try.”

With a sigh Shamiko pulled her pajama pants and underwear down to her ankles and tried to imitate the adjustments her ancestor had made. “Like this then?” she asked.

“You'll probably want your pants all the way off, but that ought to work,” the other demon confirmed.

Shamiko kicked the clothes off from around her ankles and bent her knees a bit.

“Let's go on three. One, Two, Three,” Reaching the end of her count, the blonde demon's stream began again with a quiet hiss, no less powerful than before.

Shamiko, on the other hand, was having a bit more trouble. Twisting her face in concentration, she just couldn't seem to make anything come out. “Ah, I really didn't have to go after all.”

“It's a dream. Just try to remember what it feels like to let it out and draw on that. The more you needed to go at the time, the better it will work,” Lilith offered as help, glancing over at her pupil.

'The worst I've ever had to go, huh?' Shamiko remembered the day of her entrance exams, of spending the last hour of the test squirming in her seat, crossing her legs as tightly as possible and finally rushing to the bathroom as fast as her legs could carry her. Once she'd finally reached the bathroom, slammed the door and yanked her tights down as she sat, that absolute bliss of liquid rushing out of her as her bladder finally got the relief it had been denied. As soon as her mind had wandered to that sensation, a second hiss could be heard and another stream of pee sprayed into the void.

“Gah! It's on my hands!” Shamiko yelped; she hadn't been pressing her hands in quite the right places and her stream resembled a sprinkler more than a garden hose. Distracted from the mental image of emptying her bladder, her stream stopped almost as suddenly as it had started.

“There you go. You can keep going as long as you keep that feeling in mind, so just keep trying,” Lilith reassured her.

“But it's all over my legs, and my hands-”

“How many times do we have to go over this? It's a dream. If you think that you're clean, you will be.” The elder demon was starting to dread training Shamiko in interfering with other's dreams. “If you can't control your own dreams what do you think you'll be able to do to anyone else's?”

Trying to push down the sensation of drops of warm water on her legs, Shamiko was thrilled to see them vanish and got back in position to make a second attempt. More easily this time, she focused on the feeling of taking a badly needed pee and began trying to tweak her grip on her nethers. Somehow, she managed to make things even worse than before. Her stream ran down one leg, made a wide spray that somehow hit both legs at once, and even sprayed against her hand and soaked into the hem of her shirt before she found the right spot for her hands.

“It actually worked!” The red-haired demon stared down at the nearly clear stream of pee jetting from between her fingers.

“Time for step two of your training then.” As she spoke, the elder demon pulled on Shamiko's memories of her crowded classroom, manifesting it around the two of them as Shamiko flailed and tried to stop her stream.

“I give up, it’s completely impossible! Please, please find someone else!” she cried as she frantically tried to pull her pants and underwear back up.

“They’re not real people, just shades of them, see?” To illustrate her point Lilith walked over to one of the students and passed her hand completely through his head. “None of them will react to this unless you want them to.”

“No way, I can’t go in front of this many people, even if they aren’t real.” The redhead shook her head emphatically, hands covering the wet patch still present on her pants.

“Fine, I guess we can start somewhere a little easier. Don’t think this has gotten you off the hook, we’re going back there eventually.” As she spoke she drew on a memory of one of the many parks Shamiko had run through recently, placing the pair of demons next to the fountain. “Now, let’s try this again.”

“R-right, thank you, Ms. Ancestor.” Shamiko started moving quickly towards a stand of trees and bushes, only to be held in place by a hand on her shoulder.

“And where do you think you’re going?”

“T-to practice, like you wanted.”

“What part of in public isn’t sinking in? How are you going to be able to go during a fight if you can’t even pee in front of some ghosts?” As she spoke, she dragged her pupil back towards the fountain at the center of the park. “We’re going to practice alright, right here.”

“B-but…”

“Nope, don’t want to hear it. We’re not leaving here until you pee in that fountain.”

Shamiko’s heart raced as she hooked her thumbs around her waistband. Even if the people walking by weren’t real, she could all but feel their eyes on her skin. Screwing her eyes shut, she shoved her pants down to her knees and pushed her hips forward, towards the basin of water in front of her and recalled that feeling from before. She could feel the water inside her moving towards the opening that would let it join the water in the fountain, and waited for a new splashing sound to join the noise from the fountain. And waited.

After what felt like an eternity but couldn’t have been more than a minute, she opened her eyes and looked down to find a conspicuous lack of a stream. Bearing down, she tried to push a stream out but as soon as it came close to leaving her body, something made her back off and hold it inside, some last barricade between her and giving up all dignity.

[“I was serious when I said we’re not leaving here. If you don’t start trying soon, I will wake you up too late for breakfast.”]

“I’m trying, I really am! It just won’t come out.” Shamiko paled at the thought of a morning without anything to eat.

“Well, I guess that’s to be expected. Sometimes the best option is just to get rid of the alternatives.” With a glow of power and a whispered set of words promising madness, Lilith imposed a small measure of her will on the dream’s host. “There, if you can’t go like that there really is something wrong.”

Shamiko’s initial confusion gave way to anxiety and then a desperate scramble to get herself pointed back towards the fountain as she felt a massive pressure build between her legs, a small bulge beginning to protrude below her bellybutton.

“A-aaah not yet, not yet,” she pleaded as one spurt then another forced themselves out from between her legs, the pressure in her bladder overcoming any sense of shame that had prevented her from going before. Finding a grip on her lips while a constant dribble of urine leaked from between them was more of a challenge, but as soon as she managed she surrendered completely to the instincts telling her to release. The instant she did, a spray of urine that put the fountain itself to shame flew in an arc to splash into the basin in front of her. Small droplets from the stream itself were speckling her thighs, and even more from its impact landed on her calves as a small but growing mass of bubbles surrounded its landing point.

“See, no problem! Sometimes you just need to be a bit desperate the first couple of times. N-not that I’d have any reason to know, of course.”

The voice of her mentor jolted her back to… well, not reality, but the wider dream she was in. Even as her cheeks began to burn from the sight of people walking past her, some sitting directly on the other side of the fountain, she knew that she couldn’t stop, no matter how much she wanted to. Her bladder simply wouldn’t give up after getting this taste of freedom. ‘Maybe that’s not the worst thing in the world. None of them can actually remember this.’ There was even something a little bit thrilling about it, like staying out late or getting away with something. Perhaps this was that affinity for evil her ancestor kept talking about? ‘Speaking of…’

“H-hey, what did you do? I thought you were only able to change humans’ dreams?” She asked, carefully avoiding turning to face her ancestor.

“Ehhh, it’s more difficult than normal people, less difficult than Magical Girls. Tweaking sensations is pretty basic enough that it works just fine though.” The older demon looked at the spreading patch of slightly yellow foam in the fountain. “Although I might have overdone it a little this time.”

Shamiko couldn’t help but agree; even after peeing as much as she had, she barely felt half-empty. Tightening the muscles in her stomach slightly, her stream picked up even more force as it rushed out of her and travelled just a bit further across the water. Soon enough the increased rate at which she was emptying her bladder began to slow down again as she finally neared empty. As her stream waned, it began landing on the stone bench that formed the edge of the fountain, and the last few dribbles landed directly in her underwear, but Shamiko couldn’t bring herself to care, nearly falling to her knees at the relief.

“Well, that’s probably good enough for tonight. We’ll need to practice in the real world eventually so you can get used to controlling minions, but it’s a start.” Lilith gave an approving nod as she looked at the large cloud of yellowish water in the fountain. [“I should probably let you get up if you want to get to school on time.”]

###

After all of her exhibitionist ancestor's unsettling focus on trying to get Shamiko used to peeing in public, her alarm clock was almost a relief. The very groggy demon rolled over onto her front, only to feel a sharp pressure in her stomach that jolted her the rest of the way awake. The bed may have been dry for now, but between the water she’d had before bed and her ancestor’s meddling, it wasn't going to stay that way for long.

Disentangling herself from her blankets and getting to her feet was a bit more complicated with one hand pressed between her legs, but she could feel a spurt fighting its way to freedom, and knew that her grip was the only thing keeping her pants dry. Every rapid step she took towards the bathroom jostled her overfilled bladder, its contents stretching her lower stomach taut and adding a slight bulge.

[Just a little ways? Small apartment] the desperate demon reached the bathroom door and grabbed at the doorknob with her free hand. Click. 'Huh? It's not turning. M-maybe it's just stuck.' As she frantically rattled the doorknob the bathroom's current occupant called out to her.

“Shamiko? Is that you? You’re up a little early, I’ll be out as soon as I can.” Muffled by the bathroom door and shower curtain, her mother’s voice drifted out to her, along with the sound of spraying water.

The sound of the shower was too much for her bladder to bear and a small spurt of pee managed to leak out, just barely showing on the fabric of her pants and dampening her fingers. She definitely didn't have the time to wait for the bathroom to be empty, and started searching for somewhere, anywhere that she could pee. The garden? 'No way, it's early but there are still people that could walk by.' She’d shown far more to the figments of her dreams last night, but those weren’t actual people. Right?

It would have to be somewhere inside, she decided, and as she looked around the central room of her small home, her eyes fell on the kitchen sink. 'That's... kind of like a toilet, right? Aaaah, but it's also right in the middle of the house! But mom is in the shower and Ryou is still asleep...' Another spurt running down her leg, longer this time, made the decision for her. She would be emptying her bladder very soon one way or another; better for it to be in the sink than in her pants and on the floor.

Unfortunately for her, the kitchen of the apartment wasn't laid out to accommodate a desperate demon trying to use the sink as a urinal - there simply wasn't room for her to either squat on the countertop or sit on the basin itself.

Well, since this problem was caused by her escapades last night, she might as well put her new skill to use. Standing in front of the sink, Shamiko rushed to pull down her pants and underwear before noticing a flaw in her plan. While the countertop was quite low, and may indeed have been below waist level for many people, it was just slightly too high for her.

Muttering the unfortunately familiar curses of her short stature, Shamiko pushed herself up as high as she could on tiptoes. With one hand bracing her weight against the counter and a dribble of pee starting to land on the edge of the sink, she decided that she was close enough and arranged her nethers the way she'd practiced. It was an odd feeling trying to release the hold on her bladder while keeping the rest of her lower body taut, but the pressure inside her was more than enough to overcome any resistance. A jet of pale yellow urine sprayed out and drummed against the opposite wall of the sink, sounding almost like rain on the apartment's sheet metal roof.

After a quick glance over her shoulder to make sure she was still alone, Shamiko took the opportunity to look at her handiwork. It really was working the way it had in the dream, a clear stream spraying out from between her fingers with enough momentum to land a few feet away in front of her, if the sink hadn't been in the way. Sure, it may have been spraying off to one side, but if her other hand were available for aiming she was sure she could correct that, and for now all of her pee was safely contained in the sink. Basking in her relief, Shamiko closed her eyes and let out a sigh. She would have preferred to use the bathroom properly, but she'd finally managed to improve another vital skill for becoming a proper demon.

She was startled out of her thoughts by a change in the sounds around her and a different sort of warmth between her legs. As she relaxed she had allowed herself to slip low enough that her undiminished stream was spraying directly against the edge of the counter, now splashing against her thighs and running down to the floor and her pants.

“Gah! Stop stop stop!” As she panicked and tried to correct her aim, she slipped on the growing puddle on the floor, falling over backwards. With her face turning nearly as red as her hair out of frustration and the effort of trying to stop her stream, Shamiko sat there on the floor in front of the sink. Her stream was still powerful enough to spray in an arc, but not quite forceful enough to spare the pants and underwear around her knees from getting soaked. Without her hands to hold her lips apart her pee was all but impossible to aim, splattering against one thigh and then the other with a small dribble running down her slit to pool around her butt. After at least half a minute, the demon-lady-in-training's desperately needed morning pee came to an end, leaving Shamiko shuddering from the relief and the realization that there wasn't any way to wish away the mess this time.

