Male omorashi

Author: nyao

*000*2022-07-03 20:28

The spring mornings are always in the cooler side. It becomes a little hot later in the day but apart from that its a very comfortable weather.

When Itsuki woke up in such a slightly cool and comforting morning it made him feel not only lazy but also super drowsy. So much so that he ended up falling back asleep. When he woke up again his father has already left to see his mother, leaving him some breakfast. Him getting up late wasn't a problem today as it was the weakend.

After having breakfast in peace he got up and cleaned his dishes and the huge mess his father made just to prepare the most simplest breakfast imaginable while making a mental note of never letting him walk into the kitchen again!

When he was finally done it was already 11. He glanced at the watch with indifferent eyes before pulling out his phone and calling Aoi. The phone didn't make more than 2 rings and it was already picked up.

Itsuki wasn't slightest bit surprised at this and said with his usual laid back tone "when are you coming?"

On the other side it was quite noisy so Aoi was probably on her way over already. She didn't bother to answer him and went streight for the main topic, "did you do what I told you to do?"

This time Itsuki paused on his tracks for a second and pursed his lips slightly.

Not hearing anything from the other side Aoi asked again, "you forgot didn't you? Hahaha, well that's okay infact I was about to call you to tell you to wait for me. You can start when I get there. I will be there soon so wait for me okay!"

She cut the phone without even bothering to hear his answer.

Itsuki put down the phone on the dinning table and sat down in one of the chairs. He had indeed forgotten the promise he made to her last Saturday.

She will be here soon and once she is here he will have to do what they promised the loser of the match they played will do. He didn't even know why he agreed to such conditions. He let out a soft sigh thinking that it was no use crying over spilt milk. He had the nerves to challenge her in a match so he should also have the nerves to keep his promise.

He got up from the chair and went to the refrigerator. It may be cool in the mornings but when thirsty, nothing hits the spot better than cold water.

He took out a bottle. Mixed it with room temperature water and drank a few mouthful. Even though Aoi told him to wait, for some reason he had a bad feeling about this so he went ahead and drank almost the whole bottle before Aoi arrived.

Upon arriving the first thing that entered her eyes was the empty bottle on the table and she frowned slightly, "didn't I tell you to wait for me. I really wanted to see you get started."

A sudden shudder went down his spine as he started feeling thankful for his sixth sences. "You really can't stop being a creep for even a second!?"

Aoi grinned at him, went near the sink and filled the bottle herself before handing it to him. "I am not a creep. I just want to see it from the very beginning. From the water slowly entering your system to you slowly getting desperate until you can't help it anymore and just-"

Itsuki couldn't bear to listen anymore so he received the bottole and interrupted her with "Let's start with the homework." Aoi only smiled at him and didn't continue.

He himself knew it wasn't going to get anywhere anytime soon with one of such a small bottle but he still couldn't bring himself to drink it after knowing that he will soon be someone's eye candy even if that someone was his girlfriend. He put down the bottle and let out a small sight.

Aoi who has been staring at him extended her hand to get the bottle back and said "Do you want me to help you so it won't be as embarrassing anymore?"

Before he could figure out, exactly how was she gonna 'help' him drink water, he was gently pushed into the chair behind him. But the kiss that landed on his lips afterwards was not so gentle, a bit fierce even.

The water Aoi took in her mouth before kissing him, slowly slid down his throat but most of the water was spilled from the gap of their mouths. Even after all the water was gone Aoi didn't cease the force of the kiss.

At first Itsuki was caught off-guard but he also co-operated soon enough. By the time they seperated both of them were a panting mess. Aoi was now sitting on Itsuki's lap without both of them realising.

Itsuki was still pondering over the fact that "Oh! how less embarrassing it really was than he drinking it himself!" with his fiery red ears, when he saw Aoi about to 'help' him drink some more water. He hurriedly reached over his hand and snached the bottole. Putting the other hand on Aoi's waist he said "That's enough I will drink it myself."

Aoi gave a satisfied grin looking at his savored look before finally leaving her VIP seat.

They were sitting in the dinning room doing their homework, Aoi occasionally asking questions she didn't understand.

Almost Two hours passed by without any trouble.

Aoi asked Itsuki while helping him gather the papers together after they were done"do you need to go yet?"

".....yeah.....A little I suppose."

"Hahaha and how much is "a little" supposed to mean? Tell me in a scale of 1 to 10?"

"4 maybe?" Itsuki said with hesitation.

Aoi made an understanding noise and went to put the papers in her bag when she heard Itsuki say," How about we move to my room?"

Aoi Turned towards him,"oh! Of course. You wouldn't want to wet yourself and be seen by your parents right? That will be one hell of a hard situation to explain."

"........" He sometimes wondered for what god for shaken reason was he dating this kind of person. Even dating a dog would have been better than this shameless wrench.

Aoi could almost read all the above words from his expression alone and burst into laughing.

Not being able to take it anymore Itsuki decided to stay away from this thing for the time being. He got up and went upstairs by himself deciding on which movies they should watch. Soon he was followed after by Aoi.

The door of his room closed and they got themselves comfortable on Itsuki's bed. The bed was attached to one of the walls in the room. Itsuki put his back against the wall and put on the movie. Aoi being the do- oh worse than dog person she was, lied on Itsuki's lap despite knowing full well how hard it will soon be for Itsuki in this position with his slowly growing need.

Itsuki stated at her speechlessly before letting her do whatever hell she wanted with a sight of defeat, after all either way the end result will still be the same with him making a mess of himself.

30 minites into the movie Aoi felt Itsuki squirm around more frequently. She looked up at him,"feeling uncomfortable? Need me to get up?"

"No. Its fine....For now at least."

Even though Itsuki said that Aoi could feel him becoming more restless by the minuite. She again looked up at him. After a while she got up and sat infront of him blocking his view to the telivision.

By now Itsuki had to close his legs hard if he wanted to have full control of his body but of course Aoi won't allow him to do that. She slid her body Between his legs one of her hands at the side of his neck cherishing it lightly.

"How much?"

"...about 7"

"Oh! That was fast. I though it was going to take you a whole day."

Aoi was smiling but Itsuki could detect the sarcastic tone in her words.

"Well it's not something I have control over."

"Mmn, that's true. I have never really seen you loose your cool before so I am a bit impatient maybe?" While she talked Aoi's hand went to his nape and suddenly Itsuki's body became tensed. He was suddenly a bit breathless.

Itsuki felt her hands sliding further down his spine over his clothes just the way he liked it when he was receiving a massage while relaxing but relaxing wasn't really something he was looking forward to right now. He unconsciously arched his back. One of is hand landed on Aoi's shoulder.

If he exerted even a little pressure Aoi will stop all her actions. That's how it has always been. As someone like Itsuki who didn't like to express his emotions most of time, he made small gestures. Luckily all these small gestures were noticed by Aoi without any miss.

The moment he feels uncomfortable Aoi will never push him any farther. But he doesn't seem to not like it enough to stop just yet and instead see what happens next.

Aoi waited for a bit but the sign she anticipated never came. So while surprised she felt a bit touched. She maintained her position as if waiting for something. It was a rare moment for Itsuki to take the initiative to express himself properly and Aoi wanted to give him as much time as possible.

Just when she was about say something to him the sound of people downstairs startled the both of them.

Itsuki looked at Aoi with his usual expressionless face.

Aoi:"......"

All the emotions in his eyes that were there just seconds ago seem to have been nothing but a small dream, disappearing without a single trace.

Aoi didn't know whether to laugh or cry as the mood, she had manged to set up by going through rain and storms was ruined just like that. So she focused on calming herself first.

Aoi: "...Looks like...your parents are back."

Itsuki: "Hmn"

They sat where they were without moving for a while when Itsuki's father called him down.

Itsuki honestly doubted that today everyone was competing over who can give him a harder time. He let out a sight before getting up. But before he could fully stand up panic flashed in his face and he quickly sat back down in his previous position.

Aoi was a bit surprised but looking at his expression and the way he shut his legs tightly not moving at all she soon followed.

Aoi: "Umn...its okay I will....go down"

Itsuki just pursed his lips and didn't say anything, only nodded his head in response.

Aoi hurried downstairs. Itsuki's parents were used to seeing her around so they weren't surprised.

Itsuki's father asked how she was doing and how were her studies going and how were her parents doing and all the usual questions.

All Aoi just wanted to finish the conversation soon and go upstairs. It didn't seem like it willl be ending anytime soon though.

Itsuki's mother asked "what is that son of mine doing? Why didn't he come down with you?"

"....." While lying itself wasn't really a problem but lying to her future mother-in-law was a bit.....hard. Though its not like she can tell the real reason why her precious son couldn't come down," I actually came here because we needed to finish our assignments. So he said he will come down after he is done."

"That's very much like him. Okay, then how about I send you two somthing to eat later?"

Aoi almost chocked on air hearing Itsuki's father's kind proposal. She hurriedly refused " N-no need. It won't take us much longer and we will come down right after anyway so please don't bother."

When Aoi finally came upstairs again the sight that greeted her was Itsuki sitting on the floor a short distance away from the bed as though the bed had traumatized him somehow, legs tightly closed together and his phone in his hand. The phone part is probably to distract his thoughts from his desperation.

"Done?" He asked as he heard the sound of door opening.

"Yeah. Why did you get down from the bed?" Itsuki chose not to answer her.

Aoi sat close to him. She couldn't tell from a distance but from this close it was more than clear how desperate Itsuki was. Aoi also started to feel a bit restless and leand over to kiss him.

After what felt like forever Itsuki felt Aoi put slight distence between them as their lips parted. He stared at Aoi with his blurred vision probably because of the psychological tears from both the kiss and his desperation. Aoi got closer to him and asked in a whisper "How much?"

Itsuki was busy catching his breath and only answered after a while "can we stop that."

"Haha sure. Whatever you say."

Aoi moved back and got up on the bed. "Here, get up"

Itsuki: " ......"

Itsuki "not in the bed. Cleaning up will be a real pain."

"Its okay. I will clean it all up." She empathized the 'all' part.

Even though what she said was to help him, Itsuki felt like there was something terribly wrong with her wording, "I am not getti-Ah!"

Before he could finish his words he felt a strong tug on his collour and he almost lost all control over his bladder then and there. He glared at Aoi with the most fierce face he could muster in this situation though for now it probably only makes him look all the more miserable.

"You are forgetting who is in disadvantage right now." Aoi said with a sly tone.

Ituki really wanted to murder her right about now but she was right. He is the one in disadvantage right now. So after sitting still on the floor for a while he slowly got up, about to climb on the bed when his hands were being tugged again. This time the force didn't stop halfway and got him to almost totally lie down on the bed.

Itsuki would have let out a surprised sound if he didn't cover his mouth with his hands. But it did nothing to hide his panic as his other hand was forcefully pressing at his inner thigh. That hand was soon mercilessly moved by Aoi who got on top of him.

She again kissed him as fiercely as ever while one of her hands went down rubbing between his inner thighs but always missing a certain sensitive spot in the middle.

Being tortured like this Itsuki couldn't take it anymore he was about to get up when he felt his body become heavy. Turns out Aoi had put all her body weight on him. One of her hands now circling around his waist pushing it upwards while the kissing went on.

Itsuki had a slim but well built body. After touching him for the first time Aoi could already tell his clothes were doing a great job, making him look like a noddle. But the only part of his body his clothes couldn't deceive people about was his waste. It looked slim and it actually was thin! Holding him around the waist was comfortable to the point of addiction.

It was Itsuki who turned his head first putting an end to their kissing. While he was trying to catch his breath he felt Aoi's tongue around his lips only then did his brain register the metalic taste in his mouth.

It wasn't clear who bit who first but it was now Aoi who was cleaning up for the both of them since Itsuki wasn't really in any position to do anything at all.

The tongues moved down his chin and to his neck. Ituki was felling overwhelmed. With the pressure in his abdomen and the way Aoi's jeans was rubbing against his abdomen which was seperated from Aoi by only a soft textured thin sweater, it was all too much but at the same time not quite enough.

Ituki: "Ahh ....d-don't rub so...h-hard." Itsuki felt forming a single sentence was harder than when he was first learning to talk. He felt too stimulated. It was a different kind of stimulation. Totally different from orgasm. It was something more fierce, something more urgent.

Aoi raised only her face to see his face and gave him a small smile, "relax a little. Your muscles are so tensed."

Itsuki though Aoi definitely didn't realise how close he was to literally flooding the bed. However with Aoi not giving him any break he couldn't catch his breath to tell her that.

Aoi lowered her head and licked at the tears that fell from Itsuki's eyes. She pressed her body down with a bit more force and Itsuki felt his breath hitch he raised his body as much as possible in that position and held onto Aoi's shoulder as if it was his last straw of life. He got close to Aoi's ears and whispered in her ears,"hah...ahh s...st..op."

Aoi was a bit taken aback but soon realised what he said and stopped moving right away. She was about to quickly move back and check if Itsuki was okay but just as she took back the pressure she was putting on Itsuki with her whole body she was pushed back on the bad in a almost sitting position.

It was now Aoi's turn to be surprised. Being pushed like this all of a sudden she quickly balanced herself with her hands when she saw Itsuki get up and sit on her laps.

Itsuki was still as breathless as earlier. His eyes were misty, lips bitten to the point it was red and seemed painfull even just from looking. Seeing him bullied to this point Aoi didn't have the heart to push him back down. She just kept looking at him with a dazed expression.

It was then when she saw his lips move. No sound came out but he seemed to be wanting to tell her something with all his might. His breathing became heavier by the second. Finally it seemed like he have had enough, he let out a small moan and leaned forward resting his head on Aoi's sholder.

Soon after Aoi heard a hissing sound. It started off as low and then got lowered.

Aoi felt a warm sensetion spreading between her legs and and a stream of liquid hitting her abdomen. Itsuki was sticking very close to her so while she couldn't see it, she would be a dumb bitch if she couldn't tell what the hell he was doing here.

Itsuki's breath was hitting her ears and while he wasn't verbal about it the relief he was feeling was quite obvious with the small sights he was letting out occasionally accompanied with very light moans.

Aoi was thankful that Itsuki turned off the movie before she came to his room before , otherwise she wouldn't have been able to hear these honey dripping sounds he was making.

It seemed like forever till the stream slowed and finally died down. Itsuki was still slump over Aoi's sholder. His breathing had calmed down by a lot now.

Aoi: " You......you did that on purpose didn't you?"

Itsuki didnt say anything and just when she thought he was ignoring her again Itsuki finally finished the sentence he couldn't say earlier " I told you, I don't want to clean up the bed. So If I do it on top if you, for once you can be useful and let your clothes absorb most of it."

Itsuki's voice was still a bit hoarse and he was talking in a low voice. It tickled Aoi's ears pulling a string in her heart. She felt like if this little devil doesn't stops soon she might do something terrible to him.

Itsuki slowly got up. He had no intention to look at the bed, at Aoi or even at himself. He simply went to the wardrobe to get a change of clothes for both him and Aoi. But of course him having a dog girlfriend, she would not let it pass just like that.

"Y'know, you did say that if you do it on top of me you will make a smaller mess but damn, look at the bed. How were you even able to contain so much in that flat stomach of yours?"

As usual Itsuki pretended that there was only him and air in the room but looking at his blood red ears it was pretty obvious how he feels about this whole bladder capacity thing.

When Ituki got out after taking a quick shower Aoi was still letting out small laughs .

Itsuki honestly didn't know what to say at this point. His eyes fell on the bed that was already cleaned up by Aoi while he was on the shower and once again felt his ears heat up. Then his eyes fell on Aoi's soaked jeans that she still......HAD ON!?

"Why the hell have you not taken your clothes off yet!?"

"I also need a shower so I might as well change after the shower right?"

Itsuki didn't want to talk on this subject anymore but it would be a lie to say he isn't amazed how unaffected she is with someone else's urine on herself.

Itsuki put his clothes in the washing machine and waited for Aoi to finish changeing. Then put her clothes in together with the sheets.

When everything was finally done it was already lunchtime. Itsuki went down stairs with Aoi following closely behind.

_ _ _

They were making small talk while eating when Itsuki's father suddenly asked,

"Aoi why did you change your clothes all of a sudden?"

Everyone in the room: "......."

It's not like Itsuki's mother didn't notice it but she just couldn't seem to being it up but now her dear husband achieved what she couldn't.

Aoi gave a nervous laughter. she was about to give an excuse when she heard Itsuki say, " she spilled water on herself" Seemingly very used to his father's obliviousness.

And that topic ended right there. But not for Aoi. The guilt of dirtying the white lotus of the family who were so good to her was too much for her to enjoy the meal in front of her.

_ _ _

"It was the most awkward lunch I have ever had in my entire dog life life." Aoi though as she waved goodbye to Itsuki from the bus window.

The sun was already setting. The sky had an orange shade while broken clouds were floating by here and there. Aoi felt a bit drowsy. She leand on the window glass and looked at the sky.

Today was one hell of a day for her. But she was pretty much satisfied with everything expect for one thing.

It took her a lot of effort to be alone with Itsuki like this. Being able to spend time with just the two of them is no less rare than seeing a white peacock. In such circumstances when Itsuki finally seem to show a new side of himself they wre interrupted. She felt a bit sad.

But leaving that aside she still got to see a whole new side of him.

Aoi looked at herself in the reflection of the window," Yup. Smiling like a creep just as he said."

She thought it was okay. The side of Itsuki she couldn't see today it will be a treat for later. She will open this pretty wrapping slowly and with much care in the future. There is no need to rush. There is a whole life ahead of them.

Note: hello everyone.

The two character in this chapter are actually from a novel I was thinking of writing but who knows if I will ever be able finish writing it.....

