Pokemon Gotta Go

Author: Nimbus

*000*2016-08-02 20:10

So this was just a goofy one shot that I wanted to do. Tell me what you thought of it. Formatting was weird, so I apologize if that becomes an issue on your end.

The lazy slumber of the bed room was suddenly interrupted by the incessant blare of the alarm clock. As fast as a thunderbolt hand struck out, silencing the alarm before being snatched back into the mound of blankets atop the bed.

“Too early for reality.” A voice grumbled. Then, as if to completely contradict that statement the blankets suddenly were thrown aside and a young woman emerged. In a flash of movement, the dark haired girl leaped from the bed, discarding a baggy t-shirt and panties she had been wearing in exchange for a fresh set of clothes. “Today is the day!” She exclaimed ashe switched on her smart phone.

A brief loading screen appeared bearing the minimalistic image of a boy walking across a bridge, unaware of the blue sea monster rising from the water in front of him. The image read “Remember to be alert at all times. Stay aware of your surroundings.” Then, as the blue bar reached its end, Autumn Rose’s pokemon journey began.

Armed with a portable charger and a full bottle of water, Autumn left her house in search of the fantastical creatures of her childhood. Disregarding the trio of starters Autumn continued onwards until the elusive Pikachu would appear. If she was going to start her journey, she would start it right.

Ѳ

“Where is the stupid Eevee?” Autumn groaned. She continued the same path she had been going down for what felt like an eternity. The sun had grown low in the sky since she had started out the day and she already had quite a few great catches, and just one more Eevee and she could finally get a Vaporean. Unfortunately, she also began to catch up on all the water she drank.

Autumn used hold back.

Autumn paused her pursuit a moment, shaking her hips side to side to relieve some of the pressure that began to well up in her abdomen. Taking a deep breath Autumn pressed on. Another block and she finally found her treasure.

Autumn’s bladder used struggle.

Taking the time to stop and try and catch the Eevee was hell on Autumn’s bladder. She winced at her bladder’s demand for her attention.

Autumn used tail whip.

Doubled over, autumn shook her butt back and forth, trying to maintain in control of her bladder. Maintaining this humiliating position was just enough to stay dry while staying still enough to catch the Eevee. Autumn grinned wildly as she evolved her highest Eevee, Rainer, into her favorite pokemon: Vaporean.

Autumn’s bladder used pound. Autumn ran away.

A sudden, sharp pang ended Autumn’s celebration. Moving quickly, she turned around back towards her house. She prayed that her short, awkward steps would be enough to carry her home dry.

Autumn used helping hand.

Autumn’s face was hot, but she lowered a free hand and pressed it into her crotch to help maintain control. “Nineteen years old and I’m holding myself like a baby.” Autumn blew her bangs out her eyes.

The hobble home was too long for Autumn’s comfort. With each moment she wasn’t in her bathroom the need to go was getting stronger and stronger.

Autumn’s bladder used torment.

Autumn whimpered as the bloated, pain in her stomach continued its torture on its host. Her desperation was no longer a steady ebb and flow but a constant ache, and tug at her attention. Her eyes occasionally flicked towards the screen of her phone in hopes of seeing a rare pokemon, but mainly stayed forward, in a glazy desperation filled haze. Her legs trembled.

Autumn used wrap.

Autumn’s desperation brought her to a standstill to cross her legs. She bit her lip softly. She was beginning to question if she would be able to make it all the way home. Autumn’s eyes shot to her phone when it buzzed. A jigglypuff is nearby.

Autumn used endure.

Autumn would not let this opportunity go. She went towards her best estimate of where the jigglypuff would be. Her bladder would have to deal.

Autumn’s bladder used play rough.

Autumn’s bladder did not seem content to just ‘deal.’ A sudden and continuous throb plagued the poor dark haired youth.

Autumn used arm thrust.

Autumn’s hand rocked back between her legs. She was not thrilled about the arrangement but it helped her stay dry. She kept moving toward the jigglypuff.

Autumn’s bladder used barrage.

Autumn whimpered at the sudden onslaught of desperation from her bladder. Barely able to continue forward she stopped again. A wild jigglypuff appeared!

Autumn used bind.

Desperate or not Autumn was going to catch the pokemon. Her legs coiled around each other. Autumn trembled. Her shaking hand could barely flick her surplus of pokeballs at the jigglypuff.

Autumn’s bladder used splash.

Autumn used crush grip.

Autumn’s hand dug into her crotch, following the release of a spurt of hot pee into her panties. Thankfully the amount was only enough to dampen her underwear. Autumn trembled. Each flick of the pokeball so close, yet so far from capturing Jigglypuff.

Autumn’s bladder used water gun.

A second, slightly longer spurt completely wet Autumn’s underwear. The next release just might be the last.

Autumn used quiver dance.

Autumn’s trembling body shook and bounced. She shifted her weight from one foot to the next. Her knees rubbed together. Her hand pushed into her crotch. Doubled over, her butt bobbed in the air. Upright her body rocked back and forth. The end was near.

Autumn’s bladder used aqua jet.

A sudden gush left a dark patch, the size of a pokeball on Autumn’s lap. She could feel the warmth and wetness on her hand.

Autumn used flail. Autumn used constrict.

Autumn bounced from foot to foot. A sudden, awkward and spastic dance gave Autumn just enough control to pretzel her legs together hard enough to crush stone, and stay dry.

Autumn’s bladder used hydro pump.

Not for long though. Just as she gained control another longer stream of pee spilled down her leg. A shimmery wet patch spread down her thigh.

Autumn used defense curl.

Autumn whimpered. She fell to her knees and curled into a ball. Her body shook and convulsed her finger just barely flicked the pokeball that finally caught jigglypuff.

Autumn used bounce.

In a sudden rush of mindless exhilaration Autumn leaped into the air in joy.

Autumn’s bladder used water fall.

Just as Autumn touched down the floodgates open.

Autumn used rain dance.

Autumn desperately danced, trying to regain control. With each defiant, and trembling movement a golden cascade poured from Autumn’s pee hole.

Autumn’s bladder used soak.

Autumn’s jeans used absorb.

In a few seconds Autumn’s jeans glistened with her humiliation. The hot wetness spread down her legs. Her jeans darkened as the fabric thirstily absorbed the pee, displaying her humiliation to all who could see her and her quite saturated jeans.

Autumn’s bladder used surf.

The trickling stream of pee splattered across the ground beneath autumn, a puddle of urine pooling beneath her feet.

Autumn’s continence fainted.

Nineteen years old and Autumn had wet herself in public. Autumn couldn’t believe she had lost to her own bladder… but hey she caught a jigglypuff.

*003*2016-08-03 20:23

{{21 hours ago, Jeffery Mewtamer said:

The pseudo game-style Pokemon battle between Autumn and her bladder was great. To bad there wasn't any cases of "It's super effective!"

"It's not very effective." or "Critical Hit!" thrown in.

}}

I originally planned to include those phrases but it always seemed out of place where ever I would place it. Thank you for the feedback though!

*008*2016-08-15 07:34

Thank you all for your kind words:) it really means a lot!

If you didn't already know this character appears in another story

.

