Hitchhikers (alternate title: a dude in his prelude)

Author: Nissannavara

*000*2024-02-12 12:20

Ok. Second story I have written on here. Also please tell me which title I should use. Read the first chapter first please before you pick.

Its January 4th of 2023, th new year has just started, everyone is still getting ready for work, but I start work around February, so I still have a little over a month left. On that faithful morning, I never knew what was to come that day. "Fuck I wanna finish that project car, or at least get it running" I thought to myself, still bored at 10 am. I was sitting in my couch thinking what to do. So I go outside, and pull of the tarp on my in fairly good condition 2001 Honda prelude. I pop the hood and I take a look at the B16 I swapped in it a few months ago. But then I realised last time I drove it I turned gear 3 into into an aged fine milk. So I look around my "house" which may as well be considered a damn wreckers because of how much random car parts I have laying around. I eventually find a transmission that will fit in the B16. And after a few hours of screaming, an ER trip, a lot of swearing and blood sweat and tears later I got the transmission on.

After a day of sitting around again and thinking. I start straightening out some of the panels on it, and then I put the brakes and stuff on. And then theint 3 spoke wheels I cane across on marketplace for 50$ a piece. A put them on plus some sport tires as some shoes, and she is ready to probably make 3rd gear an extra neutral. I hit the road and as I'm driving, I see this woman standing on the side of the road, wearing some sports wear. She was very curvy, with black hair and a cap on. and even from the road I could see her bladder bulging out. I was surprised by this, but I pulled over and winded down the passenger side window. "Hey, are you ok?" I ask, trying not to look at her boobs as well as trying not to make much eye contact. Women have just shit on me my whole life so it is very scary talking to her, but putting my fears aside I still made sure she was ok.

"Uhh, yeah.. I really need to pee though." She replied back, in a shy tone. I was honestly expecting to get told to "get screwed caseoh looking ahh" as most girls im not close to would. "Do you need a ride?" I say back. "Uhh yeah, to the nearest toilet please..." She says back, in the same shy tone she did before. "Sure. Hop in." I say back. I watch her do a small pee dance while she tries to open the passenger side door. I start driving when she puts her seatbelt on. It's mostly silent, aaprt from the occasional small talk and her moving around her whimpering every now and then, at this point I'm doing 20 over the limit on the highway trying to get the nearest public toilet faster so she doesn't feel uncomfortable for too much longer.

I put running in the 90s so I feel like I'm driving better even though probably going slower than I was before. "Uhh hey I don't think I'm gonna make it, I'm gonna piss myself very soon, I'm so sorry." I hear her say, I can hear she's holding back tears and I hear some hissing sounds coming from beside me. I tell "OH SHIT NOT THE FUEL LINE" as she has been so quiet I forgot she was there, and about to piss herself. So I assumed a fuel or vacuum line had come off or burst. "Th-thats not a fuel line..." I hear her say. "Oh thank god" I say back also, it's fine, I don't mind an accident.

*001*2024-02-16 06:07

Part 2:

“ok, thank god” she replies back. “Hey, what’s your name?” I ask. “Oh, my name is Sarah, what’s yours?” She replies, a little less shy than before “My name is Tyler, nice to meet ya.” I say back. “Where do you want me to drop you off?” “Uhh, just at the start of Hollester street” “alright sure” we drive down to hollister street, which is about a 10 minute drive away. We eventually get there, and I drop her off at the start of hollester street, as she said. We say our goodbyes and I drive off.

A few days later later, I decide to go down to the beach at sunset and park at the closest car park to the beach (which may aswell be apart of the beach) to take a few photos of the prelude. As I’m about half way through filming some clips and taking photos of it, I get a tap on my shoulder, which causes me to fall on my back like a cartoon character. Because I’m now looking straight up I see a familiar face. “Oh, hey Sarah!” I say, as I get back to my feet. “Hey Tyler.” She says back, now with almost no shyness in her voice. We chat a bit, and then we decide to put our swimmers on and go into the water, after about an hour we get out, and as we are saying our goodbyes, Sarah says “oh man I really need to pee right now!” She says, with a slight smirk on her face.”uhh why are you smirking?” I ask, still confused why she’s smirking. “No reason” she says back. “Ok.”

After she gets changed, she does a little pee dance, then crosses her slim, beautiful legs and then spins around, sticking her big bum out. I am surprised by this and I think “what could have happened in those few days that’s made her act like this now?”

She then walks over, with her logs crossing every few meters to presumably try to stop herself from leaking. But I notice a small wet patch on her tight Jean shorts. When she comes over to me she says “get in the car” “why?” I reply back. “Just shut up and drive.” She says back “uhh ok?”

Next part probably on Sunday (or Saturday for the people who live in NA)

