Back of the Line (MCU Fanfic)

Author: Noot

*000*2020-08-12 21:47

This is an MCU fanfic written as a commission. It's set in an alternative timeline where Thanos's invasion and the snap doesn't happen, and it's a few years after Black Panther, so Shuri is an adult. Enjoy!

###

There weren't many restaurants in New York that could comfortably seat a party of sixteen adults around one table, but Le Désespoir was one of them. Tucked away just south of what had once been been Stark Tower, it was the kind of place that was always packed- and this Saturday afternoon was no different. Every table was rammed full of customers, all eager to try some of the most coveted food in the city. Hundreds of diners crowded the eatery, buzzing with conversation. The women, gathered socially to celebrate Pepper Potts' birthday, weren't all huge fans of busy restaurants. But it was a favourite of Miss Potts, who was the perfect host as one of the few locals present, and so they had booked for lunch at Le Dés.

As three 'o' clock ticked around, the group were finishing their entrées around the biggest table available, which was spread across much of the back of the room. Pepper herself sat at one end, sipping red wine in a wine-red dress. To her left, Hope van Dyne was deep in conversation about technology with Shuri, who was waving her arms animatedly as a wide-eyed Mantis listened in. Opposite, meanwhile, Carol Danvers was smirking at some joke she'd just heard from Valkyrie, who seemed to be sitting a little closer than her chair had been when they arrived. Neither noticed the watchful eye of Okoye, who was sitting quietly, observantly, watching the meal unfold and speaking only occasionally.

Maria Hill was also more than a little quiet, content to simply take in the more flamboyant personalities around her. The S.H.I.E.L.D agents (not that any of them looked much like agents in their casual getup) she'd invited with Pepper's permission weren't quite so passive; Melinda May and Daisy Johnson were engrossed in some chat while Jemma Simmons explained a joke to a baffled Nebula. Gamora was sitting across from her sister, making polite conversation with Peggy Carter- neither of them understood much about 21st Century American life, so they had plenty to talk about. Completing the scene was Wanda Maximoff- who, in jeans and a red hoodie, clearly hadn't gotten the 'dress smart' memo- and Natasha Romanoff, who sat all the way opposite Pepper, looking formidable as always.

The meal had been wonderful, if expensive- but no sooner had the dessert orders been taken than things started to go wrong. Mantis, who was still absolutely fascinated by Shuri's explanations of Wakandan science, began to feel something strange in her stomach. This was more than odd for Mantis, who was used to strange feelings, but not when she wasn't touching anyone. This sensation wasn't unlike that of reading Peter Quill- dark, heavy, like a storm brewing. But he was nowhere to be seen. This feeling was coming from... inside of her. It pulled her focus away from the conversation, and she turned to Nebula, one of the few people around the table whom she knew well.

"I feel strange," she said quietly, hoping nobody else around the table could hear. She preferred to stay away from the centre of attention.

"Strange? How so?" Nebula asked, puzzled.

"In my stomach. It feels heavy," she clarified.

"Yes, I feel it too. I do no know why. I will ask Gamora," Nebula decided, turning to her ivy-skinned sister. "Sister, Nebula and I are experiencing strange feelings in our stomachs. Do you know the cause of this?"

Gamora looked concerned. "Yeah, I have that too. I thought it was just me. God, I don't know if that's worrying or reassuring," she muttered.

"What does it mean?" Mantis asked curiously.

"I assumed I just ate too much, but if you feel it too it's probably food poisoning," she took one look at Mantis's confused stare and added, "it means you're gonna need to go to the bathroom soon, and a lot, and it's not gonna be fun".

"Well, let's go!" Mantis said, starting to get to her feet, but Gamora quickly stopped her.

"We're the only three here any of us know well, and I feel like some people still don't trust us yet," she explained, "It will look suspicious if we all go to the bathroom together. Let's try and figure out if anyone else is feeling it too".

Nebula had never been an expert at reading emotions, but even a quick scan across the table was enough for her to deduce that they were not the only ones feeling off. Natasha looked tight-lipped and distracted, Valkyrie and Carol had stopped their flirtatious back-and-forth and Jemma was nervously sipping her water. Even Okoye was clearly uncomfortable- the usually emotionless warrior was shifting in her seat. Just as Nebula was about to say that she didn't think it was just them feeling ill, a noise came from her right, sounding like something she'd heard from Peter and Drax hundreds of times- a fart. Immediately, almost every head around the table whipped around to look at the area where the sound had originated. Although Nebula and Mantis weren't close enough to know who exactly was the guilty party, it was clear from a glance what the source had been. Hope and Pepper were staring directly at young Shuri, who looked mortified.

"I moved my chair," she babbled quickly, knowing nobody was buying it, "it must've rubbed against the floor".

"On a carpet?" Carol asked, raising an eyebrow, but Valkyrie shushed her lovingly.

"Better out than in," the Asgardian said, "where I come from, farting is respected. It means you ate well". At the other end, the S.H.I.E.L.D agents were craning their necks to figure out what had happened. Helpfully, Carol offered an explanation.

"Shuri farted," she told them.

"I didn't," the teenager began to say, but quickly gave up- she knew that everyone had heard it. Five metres away, though, May leant in towards Daisy and spoke in a hushed voice.

"That reminds me- I have to use the bathroom before the desert comes. Watch my drink?"

"Sure, but can't it wait until the meal finishes?"

"No, sorry, I think I ate something bad. I really have to go," May said quickly, getting up from her seat. As she started to move, she was interrupted by Peggy, who looked anxious about something.

"Sorry, I couldn't help overhearing- did you say you ate something bad?" the Englishwoman said.

"Yeah, feels like my stomach is cramping- why?"

"I'll come too," Peggy said, blushing, "I feel the same".

Next to her, Gamora had overheard the entire exchange. That meant that herself, Nebula, Mantis, Peggy and May all needed to use the bathroom, and likely Shuri too, from the wet sound of that fart. Something needed to be said by someone, and since she was the only one who seemed to have pieced it all together so far, it might as well be Gamora. She cleared her throat, brushed her dark hair away from her face and spoke up.

"Okay, everyone, I know this is a bit of a personal question, but does anyone else need to go to the bathroom?" she said, hoping she wasn't imagining things. But the dozen concerned looks she was met with told her that she had been right- they were all feeling it.

"I do," said Wanda from the end of the table. Beside her, Natasha nodded in agreement.

"Yes, me too," said Shuri, to nobody's surprise.

"And me," Maria confessed. There was a shocked silence settling over the group. Through the quiet, everyone could hear Pepper Potts' stomach grumble loudly. It sounded like a sound effect from some kind of movie, but the panic in her eyes told Gamora that it was very, very real. Pepper placed one hand on her disquiet belly.

"I have to go too," she whispered, looking straight at Gamora, "which means..."

"Food poisoning?" Gamora asked.

"Food poisoning," Pepper agreed.

"What does that mean?" Nebula said, her voice weak. Her voice was rarely anything even approaching weak, but she was deeply uneasy, and the feeling in her body was growing stronger by the second. The stench of Shuri's fart was still in the air.

"It means we're in trouble," said Natasha simply.

###

"Alright, let's not panic," Pepper said, taking charge as hostess, "We'll be fine if we organise this". She looked around the table, trying to assess the damage so far. "Now obviously, we can't all go to the bathroom at the same time. So whoever's most in need can go first and the rest of us will wait here". Some of the women nodded at this, but Wanda spoke up.

"How are we supposed to decide who is most in need?" she pointed out. This had Pepper stumped for a few seconds, but she came back with the best idea she could think of.

"It's only fair that I stay here," she said, even though her stomach was telling her she couldn't afford to wait, "as the hostess. And I'm sure a few others can hold it for another fifteen minutes"."

"I'll wait too," said Natasha, "any spy worth their salt can hold it for at least a little while".

"Do we get to go sooner if we have to pee as well?" Shuri asked shyly.

"Yeah, actually, I'd like to get in on that," Maria said, squirming slightly in her seat, "I drank a lot of wine with lunch".

Pepper sighed. "Sure, okay, that sounds fair, although I have to pee too. Whatever, I'll stay here. Shuri, Maria, you go with Peggy and May to the bathroom".

"Actually, I'm gonna go too," Carol announced, pushing her chair away from the table, "I'm getting desperate and I really don't wanna shit in this dress". Valkyrie tugged her back, though, and was met with a shocked expression from Carol.

"If I'm staying here you have to as well," the Asgardian ordered, "it'll be fun, I promise". Carol didn't look happy about this at all, but sat back down. Jemma took that as her signal to rise from her seat as well.

"I'll go with them too, if that's alright," she said shyly. Her thighs were locked together- clearly she had to use the bathroom pretty badly, but she looked determined to appear composed. Pepper knew that the agent was more reserved than some of the others around the table, so she nodded her consent. Blushing, Jemma turned to Daisy, the only person still seated who she felt truly comfortable around. "Come with me, Daisy?"

"No, it's okay," Daisy said, "I don't have to go that bad, and I peed, like, an hour ago". But the look in Jemma's eyes made it clear that she was asking Daisy to come because she needed someone to talk to, so she got to her feet and joined the others. The last to speak up was Nebula.

"I would also like to go to the bathroom. I don't feel good. Mantis can come with me," she offered, standing with her legs firmly crossed. Nebula may not have had food poisoning before, but she knew how it felt to need to pee, and right now she needed to pee badly. The blue-skinned woman turned to Gamora. "I need to urinate and defecate very soon. You can come with us, sister," she seemed utterly unaware that her language was bewildering the others in the room.

Gamora, for her part, sorely wanted to take up Nebula's offer. The urge to poop had grown very powerful very quickly, as was always the way when she got food poisoning. Within minutes, she had gone from feeling great to being in dire need of a toilet- and she suspected that everyone else felt the same. But she was supposed to be the greatest warrior in the galaxy, one of the most skilled fighters and sharpest minds alive. She must not disappoint the others. If humans with no powers like Pepper Potts and Black Widow could hold it, so could she. She forced a fake smile for her sister and friend, hoping nobody heard a small, hot fart slip out between her green cheeks as she spoke.

"Don't worry about me, sister, I'll hold it in with the others".

From her seat, Okoye watched as Shuri, Nebula, Mantis and the five S.H.I.E.L.D. agents made a beeline for the bathroom. She knew that she should go too to keep an eye on the princess, but if she got up there would be a chance that her actions could be misinterpreted as a need to use the toilet. Well... Okoye did need to use the toilet- in fact, she was desperate- but there was no chance she would show it to anyone else. Displaying that kind of weakness was absolutely unacceptable. Throughout her hundreds of hours spent guarding the king, she had no room to appear weak. There had been plenty of times when she'd almost had an accident, and once she had been forced to urinate in her armour, but nobody had ever found out and she was hellbent on keeping it that way. So Okoye stayed, along with Potts, the Asgardian, the green lady and the four 'heroes'- the famous Captain Marvel, Black Widow, Wasp and Scarlet Witch.

Well, Okoye thought grimly as her stomach gurgled and a fart tried to force its way out of her tightly-clenched bottom, let's see how good our control really is.

###

There was only one women's bathroom in the restaurant, a small room with a single toilet that sat hidden in one corner. When Maria Hill reached for the door, one hand massaging her aching stomach, she already knew it was going to be locked. One small jerk of the handle, which barely moved, confirmed her suspicions and she turned to May, who was hot on her heels.

"Locked," she said exasperatedly. May swore out loud, then turned to pass the message on to the rest of the women. For her part, Agent Hill had never felt so out of control. In her time as one of Nick Fury's most trusted colleagues, Maria had grown accustomed to being in charge of people and knowing exactly what was going on. And yet here she was, with no idea whether she would get on that toilet before she lost her grip on her bladder, bowels or both. Behind May, who was barely maintaining the facade of composure, Shuri was squirming restlessly in some urgent potty-dance. The Wakandan looked even more un-princesslike than ever, with one palm jammed in her crotch- at least Maria wasn't the only one bursting to pee.

Next in line stood Peggy Carter, legs crossed, panic in her eyes. The agent had never failed to make it to the toilet- not in her old life in England, nor here in modern America. She had been a master of control. What on earth has happened to me? she thought dully as she gave in to the urge to grab her pale bum with one hand. Her iron grip helped a touch, but only because she was forcing her cheeks closed, and that wasn't going to last long. Part of her was dying to let out some gas, just to relieve the pressure, but she told herself firmly that farting was just not ladylike. Peggy had always felt a great shame about her bodily functions- even all those years ago, during the war, when she had been forced to excuse herself to use the bathroom in front of Steve. The memory still haunted her. She had to hang on.

Nebula wasn't faring any better- in fact, she was fairing worse. She'd never had to use the bathroom so badly in her life, and the potted plant a few metres away was looking more appealing by the second. This food poisoning thing Gamora had mentioned did not feel good at all- her faeces felt hot and wet inside her, unlike the firmer logs she was used to. She turned to Mantis, who was next in line, and told her this, hoping the alien woman would be able to shed some light. But Mantis looked far too distracted with her own bodily needs to offer much insight.

"I don't know, Nebula. Maybe it's just how the poisoning works. And Gamora said to stop calling it faeces," she added, "she says Earth people find it weird".

"So what should I call my faeces?"

"Poop," Mantis reiterated patiently.

"Or just poo," Peggy interrupted.

"Or shit," Daisy added. She was standing right at the back of the line, looking as though she was handling things slightly better than most. Poor Jemma was between Mantis and Daisy, and she didn't look good at all. The brunette was red in the face, bent over low, totally unable to stand still. Every second or so she would shift her weight to the opposite foot; her hand squeezed her pussy even harder than Shuri was doing up the line. Mantis knew she should let the biochemist go in front of her, but that could be the difference between Mantis making it to the bathroom and not, so she selfishly persuaded herself to stay quiet. Daisy really had to go herself, but even she was concerned by the noises coming from her friend's belly, and knew she needed to be comforting in this moment.

"It'll be ok, Jemma," she said soothingly, putting a hand on the other woman's back.

"No, Daisy, it won't," Jemma replied, almost sobbing, "I've never needed to poop this bad before and I've barely ever had to pee so much either. I feel like I'm going to explode".

"I know how you feel," Daisy told her, trying to make her feel better, "this is probably too much information but I think I'm almost touching cloth". This earned a small smile from Jemma despite her throbbing desperation. "I wish I didn't have so much farting anxiety, getting out some of this gas might make me feel a bit better".

"Yeah, me too. I'm scared if I try and fart it might be... more than a fart".

Mantis had overheard this little conversation, and it gave her an idea. Being in a team with three men, she had heard countless farts. When she'd asked Drax about it, he had simply told her it felt good to get them out. Mantis had discovered that she didn't usually need to fart like humans did, but when she had to poop they could help relieve the pressure. She decided that risking it was necessary. She was incredibly shy about farting in front of people, but her plan was to let out just a small one that nobody could hear.

As soon as it happened, Mantis knew she'd made a big mistake. The fart wasn't quiet at all- in her eagerness to get some of the hot gas out of her, she'd let it go too fast, and the familiar sound crackled loudly as it escaped her tight butt. Once it had started, it wouldn't stop. Despite her furious attempts to shut off the fart before it turned into something more, her muscles were too weak and the gas only stopped coming when a heavy log shifted closer to her hole, blocking the path.

The sound of Mantis' fart was too much for Shuri. She'd been desperate to let out another of her own ever since standing up. Until that point, the only thing stopping her had been fear of humiliation. After all, it had been she who had let the first lapse of control beat her, a noise that had slipped out as they all slipped around the table. Shuri knew that another fart would be more embarrassment than she could bear, but hearing Mantis's ass rumble triggered something in Shuri's bowels that wouldn't be suppressed. Before she could do anything about it, something slipped out of the Wakandan's butt- something more than gas.

It was wet.

Cheeks burning, Shuri looked around her frantically. Blissfully, nobody had noticed- nobody except May, who was looking right at her.

"Don't worry, kid, happens all the time," May reassured her. Shuri slipped a hand down the back of her jeans, terrified of what she might find. But just a brief touch confirmed her suspicions- the first of her poop had breached her defences. It may not be much, but there was surely enough to weigh down her panties and stain them badly. Oh, fuck, she thought bitterly. She looked up at May. Suddenly, Shuri felt ten years younger. Here she was, a genius princess, and she'd just done a poo in her underwear. Something forced her to blurt out the truth.

"I just sharted," she confessed to the agent, a woman she barely knew. May looked taken aback, but she had training in calming people down and it kicked in fast.

"You'll make it, Shuri. Don't worry". But as another wave of cramps swept through her body, threatening once again to force out the contents of her bowels, Melinda May doubted very much whether any of them would make it at all.

###

Back at the table, the seriousness of the situation was beginning to become painfully clear. Pepper Potts was perched on the edge of her seat, trying fruitlessly to keep the conversation going and distract the other women from their own growing urges to shit. For some it was working better than others; Natasha and Wanda were doing their best to engage and think about anything other than their bowels, but Hope couldn't help glancing nervously towards the bathroom every few seconds. From the table, the bathroom was well out of sight, but the fact that nobody had returned in several minutes could only mean one thing: there was a line. Hope hated lines with a passion, particularly when she needed to poop. Something about watching all the women in front go inside, relieve themselves and leave only made it harder for her to control her own need.

Okoye sat stoically, silent as ever, patiently awaiting the princess' return. At least, that was how she looked to the others. In the harsh light of reality, she was something like a duck gliding across a calm lake: to a casual observer, she was elegant and effortless, but beneath the surface that duck was paddling vigorously, legs moving at lightning speed, flailing to keep itself moving. Only now the water was a table in a fancy New York restaurant, and instead of swimming she was trying to keep a mountain of shit contained. There was Gamora, too, legs crossed beneath the tablecloth. She'd tried a couple of times to start a conversation with Okoye, but it was like talking to a brick wall. Soon, she gave up and decided to focus on holding.

The only people left around the table still talking were Valkyrie and Carol Danvers. They were animated, a spark of the flirtatious cheek from earlier in the day still there, losing themselves in the conversation. It was clear to anyone who shot them more than a passing glance that they were both in serious trouble- Valkyrie couldn't stop farting, leaving a foul smell, and Carol was constantly squirming in her chair. Sitting next to them, Pepper didn't need to strain to hear what they were saying.

"I don't think I've ever had to go this bad, it's crazy," Carol said- not that it needed saying. The woman was writing in desperation where she sat.

"I have," Valkyrie shot back, "when you drink as much as I used to you get desperate a fair bit. Especially when you're fighting for half of it".

"So what did you do?"

"I used to just pee while I fought," the Asgardian shrugged, "one time Banner caught me, I just told him it was something I spilt".

"Did he believe you?" Carol asked, wide-eyed. It took a lot to shock Carol Danvers, but Valkyrie's revelation seemed to have taken her completely by surprise.

"Bruce Banner? The world-class genius who blacks out and switches back and forth between human and monster?" she snorted in derision, "no, I'm pretty sure he knows what a piss stain looks like. What about you?"

"What about me?"

"You had any of those accident thingies lately?"

"I'm about to have one right now if those girls aren't back from the bathroom soon," Carol said under her breath. Pepper was pretending not to listen, but she could relate to Danvers' words- she also felt fit to burst. She hadn't had to poop this bad since she and Tony- well, that was a story for another day.

"I can't wait any more, guys, I'm going to go join the line," Hope said, slowly getting to her feet.

"You're still going to have to wait just as long," Gamora pointed out.

"Maybe, but at least I'll know how much longer I have to hold it," the Wasp argued. Pepper opened her mouth to say that sitting might be easier, but the other woman was already gone. Instead, Miss Potts was left to look around at who was left- stony-faced Okoye, red-faced Nat, green-faced Gamora. Wanda, trying her best to look on top of things and decidedly failing. The poor girl looked close to tears in her tight red hoodie and tighter denim pants. Valkyrie and Carol, both impossibly looking even more desperate than each other, but sitting closer than ever.

"And then there were seven," Pepper said dryly.

###

