Persona 5 M ~Doctor`s Log~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2025-05-26 08:04

{{:

Another Persona story done! I've been busy lately, so it's nice to finally get another story finished. I hope to at least have another story finished in the next couple of weeks, so please be patient!

}}

Patient: Sadayo Kawakami

“And that’s basically the gist of it…” The black-haired teacher Sadayo Kawakami slumped into the patient chair, half-expecting the stern, gothic doctor to chew her out. However, rather than anger at Kawakami’s carelessness, she let out a gentle chuckle.

“So let me get this straight. For the past month, you’ve been meeting with ‘clients’ during your ‘side gig’ that have been making you engage in niche, perverted fetishes. Over the last couple of months, the repeated debasing has led to some more long-term problems.”

“Yeah, pretty much.” Takemi had hit the nail on the head, as much as the part-time maid wanted to explain herself. “Unfortunately, I’m not popular enough to garner attention from men looking for sex, and a woman has to pay her bills. As gross and debasing as this stuff is, and it is very gross, it pays well.” Kawakami casts her eyes to the side, a certain black-haired student popping into her mind.

“Well, if you ask me, I think you’re lucky that they just want you to crap your pants. I’ve seen plenty of escorts for STDs, and that’s far more serious than stewing in your own feces for a bit.” The doctor’s eyes drifted down for a bit. “Do me a favor and show me the damage real quick.”

“Eh?! But, doctor, I-I…,” Kawakami protested.

“I know it sounds shady, but I can’t just diagnose you randomly without knowing how bad things are.”

“Ughhh… Fine…” The teacher reluctantly turns around and lifts her slightly stained denim skirt, revealing a pair of black lace panties. In them, a large mound of poop the size of an orange lay nestled between her butt cheeks.

“It’s fortunate that you ended up having an accident on the way here. It makes the exam much easier,” Takemi says as she surveys the damage in Kawakami’s underwear. She gently pulls back the waistband to get a good look inside before letting it go, causing it to snap back against the woman and make her mess jostle along with it.

“I’d hardly call uncontrollably shitting myself ‘fortunate’.”

“You know what I mean. Here, I’m gonna write it up as ‘uncommon incontinence’. Although technically this sort of thing is more commonly referred to as ‘potty training regression’, and is usually associated with small children, I will spare your records the indignity.” Tae writes on her notepad for a while before handing Sadayo a paper. “This has your diagnosis as well as a prescription for some protection. The back side also has some exercises for your to perform to get your sphincter back in check.”

“Wait, you mean you don’t have diapers here?” The teacher asked with a blush.

“You think this is a nursery? Go to the drugstore down the street, they’ll take your prescription,” Takemi instructed. A pouting Kawakami waddled her way out the door, the stain on her skirt growing slightly larger as she left. Tae couldn’t help but watch as the mess grew even bigger, and felt an unusual sensation grow in her core along with it.

Patient: Hifumi Togo

“I think the stress has been getting to me lately, you know, having to compete in all these Shogi tournaments. My mom has been getting stricter about almost everything in my life, even my bathroom breaks.” The teenage Shogi savant Hifumi Togo fumed with her legs crossed as she unloaded her frustrations at the doctor. For the last ten minutes, the girl had barraged the doctor with her personal trauma, deviating from the original purpose she was there.

“I’m a primary care physician, not a psych,” Takemi interjected. “I get it, life sucks, but I’m here to help you stop pooping your pants.” Hifumi blushed at that line.

“I… sorry…,” the girl replied, tears welling in her eyes.

“It’s fine, but let’s try to stay on topic.” Hifumi nodded. “So the last few matches you’ve played in, you’ve had some rough encounters with your bowels?”

“Yeah, I’ll be playing and as the match heats up, my stomach starts cramping real bad. Luckily I haven’t had an accident during a match, but a few times now I’ve soiled myself shortly after while running to the toilet.” The Shogi master rubbed her thighs together, her blush deepening as she remembered each instance.

“Well, it’s a bit nuanced, but this probably fits some type of urge incontinence, and it’s playing off of your mental state,” Takemi says as she thumbs through her notes. “Fear and anxiety can act as triggers to make your muscles move unexpectedly. There’s some treatments, but I want to make sure of it first.” Takemi stood from her chair, a devilish smile on her lips, as she began to approach the girl.

“Huh, what did you mean by that last par- AHHHHHHHHHHH!!!” Hifumi’s thought was cut short as the doctor rushed close to the girl’s face and screamed in order to scare her. “Dr. Takemi, why’d you- oh, oh no!” The scared and confused girl shot up from her seat and put her hands to her rear as she felt a long log of poop coil in her pristine, white panties. With her underwear now filled with her mess, the girl was left with little option but to fall to the floor and cry.

“Shh… there, there… I only did what was needed to confirm your diagnosis. I’ll write you up for some anxiety meds and diapers so you can stop soiling yourself like this.” Takemi held Hifumi and pet her head to calm her down.

“But… diapers are embarrassing…,” she cried gently into the doctor’s shoulder.

“It’s much better than having an accident in your panties at the nationals, isn’t it?” Takemi countered. Hifumi simply nodded. “Good girl. I’ll write your prescription and issue your meds. You have to go to the drugstore for your protection though, okay?” The normally arrogant girl completely submitted into Takemi’s arms, nodding again as her tears dried.

“Do you at least have a bathroom I can clean up in?” Hifumi asked.

“Sorry, there’s none in the clinic. There’s one right outside if you want to clean yourself. Would you like some help?” the doctor asked eagerly. Hifumi nodded yet again, allowing the older woman to guide her to the bathroom to clean her mess.

Patient: Chihaya Mifune

“So you’re telling me that you’ve been ‘cursed’ to poop your pants at random every day?” Dr. Takemi couldn’t help but stifle a laugh as the absurdity of her patient.

“I’m not kidding! I was reading mah tarot one day and I dun got the fortune arcana in reverse! Evah since, I’d been messing mah panties randomly!” Chihaya Mifune stood firm on her ridiculous claim, even letting her country bumkin accent slip through in the process.

“Hold your horses cowgirl. You sound serious enough. I’ll hear you out,” Takemi said, regaining her professional composure. Chihaya returned the favor in kind.

“Thanks. Like I was saying, it just randomly comes out, in full, without warning. I’ve been afraid to really go anywhere since I run the risk of random poop-filled panties.” The backwater fortune-teller grabbed the front of her dress as she recalled her daily accidents.

“Well, that’s reasonable behavior for a prim and proper lady. Although, I will admit, if this really is a curse, I’m not sure what I can do here,” the doctor said with a sigh.

“Well, maybe if it can’t be cured, at least it could be aided? I’ve heard that I could get a prescription for… um… ‘protection’, which would probably save some money if I could get it on insurance,” Chihaya trailed off at the end.

“Ahhh so that’s what this is about,” Tae mused with a smile on her face. “You don’t have to lie, you know?”

“W-what do you mean?” Chihaya said, fear rising in her chest.

“It’s okay for girls your age to have needs, however naughty they are,” Tae said, her loins growing moist with excitement.

“I-I don’t understand… I don’t have a thing or… Ah!” Although Chihaya was now piecing the doctor’s words in her head, her sphincter had different plans for her. The young adult let a small grunt escape her lips as she shot up out of her seat. Her bowels completely voided themselves in her pink, floral panties, the curse forcing her to empty herself completely in her underwear. “Oh no…,” she whined, as she finished her new daily ritual, her panties sagging from the weight of the mess she’d made.

“Uh oh, did the ‘curse’ conveniently take effect in my office?” the doctor joked as she approached the girl and held her.

“Huh?” Chihaya froze as she felt a hand reach under her dress from behind and press her messy panties into her petite bottom. “Noooooooooo!” She pushed herself away from the doctor as she made a run for the exit.

“W-wait, you were being serious?!” Takemi reached out for the patient she just sexually assaulted, but she was only able to catch a small glimpse of the girl’s full underwear as her dress flapped behind her. Then, the girl was gone, leaving the doctor to rationalize her mistake. After a few minutes of silence, the doctor’s crotch ached, causing her to do the only rational thing left and rub herself to orgasm, a mixture of fear, confusion and arousal taking place in her heart.

Patient: Ichiko Ohya

“I’m not making a suggestion. I’m telling you that you’re gonna continue to be a shitty mess if you don’t stop drinking all the time!” Tae slammed her foot on the ground.

“And I think *hic* that your suggestion *hic* is BS!” a moderately intoxicated Ichiko Ohya retorted as she stumbled into the doctor’s arms.

“Seriously… how did you even make it here without crapping yourself? If you’re here just to waste my time, I’ve got clients with actual problems to deal with.” Takemi turned the drunkard paparazza toward the door and began to push her out when she started to hear a crackling sound come from in front of her. Looking down to the source, it was as clear as day that Ohya was completely pooping her jeans, as semi-solid feces immediately filled and stained the back of her pants and began running down her legs.

“Hehe… *hic* oops…,” the inebriated woman chuckled as she gave no resistance to the brown flood engulfing her rear. “Believe me now *hic* doc?”

“I actually cannot believe you just did that. Out of my clinic, now!”

“Yeah? But if I leave, who will I have to *hic* share these with?” With little regard, Ohya reaches into her bag and from it tosses a series of photos on the ground. Each one captures different angles of a group of girls she recognizes, accompanied by Ren Amamiya, a frequent patient and collaborator of hers. In them, each girl was clearly photographed having large messes in their clothes, despite their best efforts to hide them. Takemi was taken aback as she felt her nether regions tingle.

“H-how did you…,” Takemi trailed off as more pictures were tossed in front of her, this time logging the various patients she’d been seeing for incontinence: Sadayo Kawakami, Hifumi Togo, and Chihaya Mifune, all having recently soiled their pants.

“I heard a rumor *hic* about a ‘pervy doctor’ and I had to check it out! It’s not every day you find someone that shares your fetish.” Ohya turned back to face the woman she’d now cornered.

“I-I, it’s not… like that… I just am very concerned…,” Tae scrambled together, a blush growing on her face and a stain growing in her panties.

“I’ll tell you what doc *hic*. Let’s make a deal. You get me a prescription for some ‘protection’, and I’ll keep supplying you with these ‘research documents’. Deal?”

“…Deal.”

Patient: Sae Nijima

“So every time I sneeze, a little comes out. It’s not normally a problem, but recently I’ve been sneezing nonstop because of the pollen, and a little becomes a lot very fast, for lack of better wording.” The straight-faced prosecutor Sae Nijima stared darts into Dr. Takemi.

“I-I see. That sounds like a pretty open and shut case of stress incontinence,” the doctor said in a wavering tone as she faced the woman that could bring her life crashing down if her fetish was caught. “I’ll write you up for an anti-diarrheal and some adult diapers. I’ll also include an exercise sheet to help with controlling your muscles.” Although the short-haired woman was playing it straight to avoid suspicion, she couldn’t help but feel a yearning for more develop, a wetness beginning to soak her purple panties.

“Sounds good. Thanks for the he-… he-… HECHOO!” Sae’s gesture of thanks was cut off by the urge to sneeze overtaking her, and not just once. “Hechoo! Hechoo!” One sneeze after the other escaped the prosecutor, and with it, her bowels loosening and her sphincter opening, allowing for progressively larger waves of poop to escape as well, cascading the poor woman’s butt in a brown slurry, staining and filling her red lace panties as well as her pantyhose and slacks. As the sneezing subsided, she became more aware of the mess she was now in. “Shit. That’s not good.”

“Oh dear, hold on, I’ll grab some stuff from my office to help clean up.” Tae scurried into her private office and shut the door, her thighs glistening with juices from the scene she just watched unfold. She needed to deal with her arousal now. Positioning herself against the corner of her desk, which held all the photos Ohya had supplied her with. She began to grind her pussy against the wooden table, lifting her dress out of the way to make sure it didn’t get stained. “Yes! Yes! Fuuuuck!” Moans and soft cries escaped her lips as she sought out her climax. The horny doctor got too caught up in the moment to even notice that the door had been opened and a certain prosecutor was watching.

“AHEM,” Sae loudly mocked clearing her throat, causing the doctor to quickly spin around and stare at the woman in the soiled suit, like a deer in headlights.

“Ah, prosecutor, I was just uhhh…,” Tae stumbled, her chest heaving fast, still recovering from the feeling of having her orgasm denied while also rationalizing that her life was over.

“No words,” the prosecutor demanded. She slowly walked up to the scared doctor until their faces were less than an inch apart. Behind her, the Sae could see the photos of the various girls suffering from their own accidents, including her own sister and her friends. She pulled the short-haired woman’s head into hers and stared her dead in the eyes, a smile on her face. “If you wanna leave her with your career, shit yourself right now.”

“Wh-what?!” Tae looked at Sae. “I-I’m not really into doing it myself… I…”

“I didn’t ask. Crap your panties, or I arrest you right now.”

“Y-yes, Ma’am…,” Takemi whimpered before she began to strain with her whole body. After half a minute, a firm log of poop slowly started to slither into the doctor’s purple panties, immediately tenting them out. Nothing could be heard in the office except for Tae’s heavy breathing and the crackling of her filling her underwear with feces. After another minute, she was done. She could feel the weight of her mess beginning to pull her underwear down. Tears had started to form in her eyes as she came to her senses of what a taste of her own medicine felt like.

“Good. You can continue now,” Sae said, gesturing to the table corner. Takemi’s eye’s shot open, but she regretfully complied, turning back towards the table and continuing her unfinished business. Once again, the only sounds in the room were of the shamed doctor’s moans. Despite the feeling of disgust she had, Tae was eventually able to reach her climax, a high-pitched cry resounding in the room as she came in her filthy panties. Upon catching her breath, she turned back to the prosecutor to find she was recording the whole time. Unable to move, Takemi watched as Sae approached her yet again, this time mashing her messy panties into her ass, causing the doctor to cringe. Then Sae turned around and walked out of the room, leaving the now traumatized doctor with four words.

“See you next week.”

