Elsie’s Desperate Day

Author: noodler

*000*2019-06-30 10:02

Long time lurker, first time poster! Please let me know what you think!

###

Elsie chewed her lower lip as she stared out of the window at the passing countryside. No matter how much she squirmed in her seat, no matter how much she pressed her hands against her skirt, there was no way to escape the fact she was on the verge of an accident.

It had all started that morning when she’d rolled out of bed and immediately regretted it. Last night, she’d enjoyed a couple of beers with her friends at a concert and as a result, Elsie woke up with a pounding headache. Pausing, she sunk onto the edge of her bed to nurse her aching head; she wanted nothing more than to crawl back into bed. However, she couldn’t afford to miss the trip her class was taking to visit an out-of-town university- it was veering dangerously close towards the end of high school and she still had no idea where to apply.

Rising, Elsie peeled off her sticky clothes from the night before and picked out a new outfit. It was only as she buttoned her skirt that she felt a sudden pang from her bladder that made her squirm where she stood. She stared longingly across the hallway at the glistening white toilet but thinking back to the gusher she’d released last night, knew she didn’t have time to take a good morning pee.

The last wee she’d taken had been before leaving the concert and only because it was a long journey home. She’d hopped and danced in the long queue for the ladies toilets, pressing her thighs together in order to keep it in. When a stall opened up, she’d torn inside and slammed the door behind, hoisting her skirt up without a second to lose. Her stream had poured out of her, splattering against the inside of the toilet bowl, and she had moaned in relief. Elsie had tipped her head back, seeing stars in her vision, as she let out a long held wee into the toilet. She hadn’t even realised how badly she needed to go until she let it out; Elsie knew then that she had made the right decision, there was no way she could’ve made it home. It took her so long to finish that her friend started knocking on the door to ask if she was alright.

They hadn’t stopped on the way home, Elsie insisting that she needed to get up in the morning, and she’d ignored the slight urge of the remaining beers settling in her bladder. She’d gotten off easy; her friend, who admitted that she’d hadn’t used the toilets at the venues because they were dirty, had needed to scoot to the edge of her seat and hover over a cup.

When Elsie got home, she had collapsed into bed without so much as getting undressed.

Now, she neglected to wee before leaving the house, knowing she was at risk of missing the coach if she did. Instead, she slipped out the door and walked the short distance to her school, feeling the odd feeling of a full but not desperate bladder.

The coach made no rest stops on the way to the university and once they got there, Elsie was reluctant to ask anybody where the toilets were. In her wee-addled brain, she worried that they might not even let her use them, (in hindsight, she knew this was crazy). Additionally, she was thirsty from her night of drinking and kept sipping from her water bottle, filling up her bladder even more.

By the end of the first talk, Elsie had no choice but to keep her legs crossed at all times in order to hold it in. By the end of the morning, she was regularly bobbing up and down, squirming when she thought nobody was looking at her. By the time they’d finished lunch and were filing back into the lecture room for another talk, Elsie would reach down and grip her crotch when she thought nobody was looking. And the weird thing was, the more desperate she got, the more determined she was to just hold onto it until she got home and wee in her own toilet. Pure stubbornness was the only thing that kept her from following her classmates into the bathrooms before they got back on the coach; instead, Elsie made an effort to stand as naturally as she could and pretend she didn’t need to go.

Sitting on the coach now, Elsie was regretting her decision. She’d never been so bursting for a wee in her entire life and now, there were no opportunities for relief between now and home. It had been made clear before they left that there would be absolutely no stops on the way back; they were grown-ups now and should know to use the bathroom before they left.

Elsie bounced urgently in her seat, gripping herself for dear life, and tried to thinking of anything other than the wee that was threatening to push its way out of her. She had already leaked twice onto her coach seat, leaving her knickers feeling warm and wet against her crotch. It was all she could do to keep it in until they got back to school and pray that the toilets wouldn’t be locked up for the day.

“I’m bursting for a whiz,” announced the girl sitting in front of her and Elsie raised her gaze from her lap.

It was a preppy, outspoken girl who had stood beside Elsie and checked her phone when everyone else had poured into the university toilets.

Elsie couldn’t help but think that nobody could possibly be as bursting as her- she hadn’t had a single wee since last night and despite it all had managed to keep it in. She rubbed her thighs together, trying to find a position that would help her hold it in; instead, she felt her knickers grow wet and clenched as hard as she could to stop the flow. It was inevitable now, (her bladder had reached complete capacity), that she was going to wet herself in her coach seat.

“It’s only five more minutes, can you hold it?” The preppy girl’s coachmate urged her.

“I haven’t pissed since lunch!” The girl was squirming almost as much as Elsie but drawing much more attention due to her loud voice.

Lunch? I haven’t pissed since last night, Elsie thought, and felt an odd sense of pride of how much she had held in. That managed to bring her back from the edge; she had held it this long, she could certainly hold it five more minutes. Even though her eyeballs were practically floating, she was so full. Even though she needed to wee, whiz, leak, go potty so badly that she felt she might lose it any second, she would hold it. With a newfound strength, Elsie clenched her urethra and held on.

When the bus pulled to a stop outside their school, she was one of the first on her feet and flew down the aisle towards the doors. She rushed into the school, ignoring her friends calling after her, and dashed down the corridor to the nearest toilets.

Pushing on the door, Elsie found it was locked. Her bladder pulsed in fear, her underwear growing wet and warm again as a leak spread through them. They were completely soaked, enough that a few drops fell from her underwear onto the floor. Grabbing her crotch, Elsie pounded down the corridor and up the stairs to the nearest toilets, hoping that these ones would be unlocked. Every second was critical now, her pee pushing hard against the floodgates and threatening to pour out. Thankfully, the upstairs toilets were still unlocked and Elsie nearly ran into a stall. However, she bumped directly into another girl, who turned and frowned at her.

Immediately, it became clear what was happening; the other girls from the coach had figured the downstairs toilets would be locked so had come to these ones straightaway. As there were only four toilets and one was out of order, there was a queue of girls bursting from the coach journey home. A toilet flushed and a stall door flung open and Elsie immediately recognised the preppy girl who she’d seen on the coach; although she seemed to have made it, the dark stains covering her jeans suggested it had been a neat thing and a lot of her wee hadn’t reached the toilet. I

Holding herself tightly, Elsie vocalised her need for the first time desperately, “Gotta go, gotta go, gotta go! Hurry up, I need a wee! I’m going to burst! I can’t hold it any longer!”

Her desperate display earned some sympathy from the girl in front of her, who let her cut in, but Elsie was still two girls from the front and completely on the verge of wetting herself. It took absolutely everything she had not to wee on the bathroom floor as she crossed and uncrossed her legs, rubbing at her crotch desperately to keep her peehole closed.

“Hurry up,” She urged as a stall opened up and the girl at the front of the line hurried in, “I’m gonna wee any second.”

She couldn’t remember being this desperate in her entire life. She doubled over, holding her crotch tightly, at the rushing sound of the other girl pushing out her urine as quickly as possible. Another stall opened up; Elsie was now the front of the queue, bobbing desperately and losing the battle, as another leak ran down her leg before she could stop it.

“You can make it!” urged the girl behind her, “Only a few more seconds!”

“I gotta go so bad!” Elsie whined, “Oh god, I need a wee!”

Finally, finally, another stall opened up and Elsie dashed inside. She barely managed to shut the door behind her with shaking hands, as removing her hands from her crotch meant she leaked immediately. She danced around as she slid the lock across and moaned loudly as she turned to face the toilet, desperately trying to wriggle out of her tights. Both her tights and panties were soaked with leaks and clung to her legs- as she struggled, she let out another leak and knew she was nearing the end. She’d never held a wee for so long in her entire life.

“Oh, I need a wee! I need to go potty! Oh, god, help me!” Elsie murmured and perhaps through godly intervention, she managed to rip her tights and underwear down to her ankles.

@@Hovering over the toilet seat, Elsie’s bladder finally released and wee poured into the toilet faster and louder than she’d ever seen before. The relief was like orgasm as her pee splattered against the toilet bowl and, due to her hovering and poor aim, against the the seat. Some splattered onto the floor of the stall. The velocity of the wee was incredible, much stronger than the wee she’d done at the concert, and Elsie couldn’t help moaning in relief as it streamed out of her. She could barely believe she’d managed to hold on for as long as she had. Her stream slowed down but as Elsie pushed down on her bladder, it spluttered and began pouring out of her again. Her bladder still felt so incredibly full despite the amount of wee she’d let out and it felt so satisfying to be so full of wee. The pee continued to blast out of her for another full minute before it began to slow down again. This time, Elsie just hovered above the toilet and released long spurts and streams of wee until she was sure her bladder was absolutely empty. It felt so good to be empty after holding it for so long that Elsie let out a final moan before she wiped herself, cleaned up her mess, and tossed her tights and underwear in the bin.

As she stepped out of the stall, boldly commando under her skirt, Elsie found a crowd of girls waiting for her in awe.

“That was amazing!” The girl who had been waiting behind her said, “I’ve never heard anything like it. It was like a torrent!”

“You must have needed to go so badly!” said another girl, “I can’t imagine holding my wee in for that long!”

“How long were you holding it?” Another girl asked.

“Since last night,” Elsie replied, still feeling dazed from her amazing wee, “It felt so good. I’ve never been so bursting in my life!”

