Brittany's Bathroom Hi-jinks

Author: Nimbus

*000*2017-08-04 10:34

So It's been a while since I last posted here. I think the last time I did, the theme was still black. I actually can't remember what color I used for these author notes, This looks more red than orange but it might just be the white background? Anyway, This time my absence, whether or not you noticed it, wasn't due to a hiatus, but rather because I kind of hit a sort of writer's block. In this, case it was mostly uncertainty of what to do. I still have two ideas for original stories to work on, an avatar and a pokemon story I decided against, and I'm still not sure what I want to do about Not Quite Harry Potter. So in the meantime, to let anyone who cares no I'm still around, here is one of my original character stories.

Brittany watched as the bubbly brunette made her way through the crowded school halls. It warmed her heart to see Autumn so happy, since her rather poor start to her freshman year. In the months that passed though, the school’s wide receiver had his butt kicked by a cross country kid, and Tommy Wellington had become the new joke on campus. Few, even remembered Autumn’s accident.

Brittany was among those few. Though she was glad that Autumn had since recovered from her humiliation, Brittany frequently dwelled on the image of the mortified girl’s soaked pants. That day opened Brittany’s eyes to the strange taboo of wetting oneself. In the time that followed Brittany frequently waited until the last minute, when she could barely stand it any longer, to relieve herself.

While the desperation was exciting, Brittany begun to dwell on a persistent question: was she really pushing herself to the limit? In the safety of her house, where there was no consequence was she really going when it was absolutely necessary, or was she just giving in when she decided to?

She was not going to have that question bother her any longer! Brittany was no longer in the comfort of her home. In school, as Autumn had sadly learned, there were far greater repercussions if Brittany couldn’t hold it. With one more class in the day, Brittany was beginning to realize her limits.

“Ok, Britty, you got this.” She told herself, taking a deep breath, and one last longing glace at the bathroom before ducking into her humanities classroom. The loud chatter of the halls gave way to the soft chatter of the students. Brittany’s teacher sat behind her desk, absently reading away at her latest young adult novel. Her class was spread out among the several round tables, either working on their projects or making idle chat with their friends, or scrolling through their phones.

Brittany awkwardly shuffled to a table populated only by a wispy Asian girl, whose dark hair hung like a curtain around her face as she sketched her own version of the Mona Lisa.

“Hey, Liz, how’s it going.” Brittany asked, situating herself into a seat, shortly before the bell rang, signaling the beginning of the period. Just fifty minutes to go. Brittany silently encouraged herself.

“Oh you know. Just trying to get her hair right. I hate hair.” She huffed, brushing her own hair from her face. “I should really just chop mine off completely. That would really drive my mom wild.” She laughed.

“You’re hairs so pretty though!” Brittany protested, crossing her legs.

“I hate having long hair. I hate having black hair. But you know my mom. No dyes, and no “trendy” hair cuts. She thinks if I even think of acting like a normal teenager I will lose my innocence. Too late on that.”

Brittany stifled a laugh. Liz, I love you. If you make me laugh, I will kill you though. “Wonder what she would do if she found out the truth.” Brittany mused looking at her own, barely touched paper.

“Are you kidding me? I’d be dead. Worse than dead.”

“What’s worse than death?” Brittany uncrossed her legs, scooting forward in her seat. Her foot began to tap.

“I have no idea. My mom would find out though. Speaking of lost innocence, how are things going with Daniel?”

“Fine I guess.” Brittany shrugged. Her hand trembled as she tried to use her pencil to scratch some vaguely face like lines on her paper to no avail. “I think he likes me, but he doesn’t reveal anything.”

“He’s so shy!” Liz laughed, making great strides on her project.

“It’s cute though. He’s really sweet. I just- he’s always sweet isn’t he? Like, I can’t even imagine him being rude to anyone.”

“It’s different with you though: he’s flirting.”

“How can you tell? I wish he could be more obvious about it. How hard would it be for him to tell me “Hey, Brittany, shall I compare thee to a summer’s day? Thou art more lovely and more temperate.”

“I don’t think many boys recite poetry these days. Maybe chain smokers lyrics, if that counts.”

“It doesn’t.” Brittany sat her pencil down. She crossed her legs at the ankle and slouched back in her seat, retrieving her phone from her pocket. She tensed and untensed her thighs.

Liz flicked her eyes up at her friend. “Shouldn’t you work on your project?”

I can’t. I have to peeeeeeeeeee! Brittany mentally shouted. “The creative juices just aren’t flowing.” Something else might though! Oh god, why did I have to say flowing? Now I’m thinking about rivers, and waterfalls, and rain, and the ocean, and… “I’ll just work on it tonight. Worst case scenario I just draw a meh emoji with hair.”

“I actually wonder what Ms. Small would say about that. Probably comment on it being a poignant depiction of modern societies art movement. Or something.”

“Probably.” Brittany agreed, rocking in her seat slightly.

“Are you Ok? You look like you are uncomfortable.”

“Just bored.”

“You sure? You kind of look like you have to pee.”

“No, just want class to end.”

“So you can go pee, you mean. Right?”

“I don’t need to pee.” Brittany tried to prove this point by stopping her rocking. Moments, later, however, she began to squirm her butt against her seat.

“I still don’t believe you, but whatever, you do you.” Liz, gave her friend one more disbelieving look before returning to her project.

Several moments of silence passed, accompanied by Brittany’s squirming becoming more obvious; though, her classmates were all too engrossed with their own work to notice, and Ms. Small was still deeply engrossed with her novel.

Brittany returned her attention to her phone. Her legs bounced beneath the table. Her free hand gripped her thigh tightly while she attempted to play a game to distract herself from her predicament. If anything this is worse. Brittany groaned, as she failed for the fifteenth time at the app.

Brittany’s eyes went wide at a sudden gush of wetness. She gasped audibly, drawing Liz’s attention.

“You sure you don’t have to pee?”

Brittany whimpered slightly, bringing her feet up on the seat, and resting her crotch on her heels. “Ok. I have to pee.”

“So go pee!”

“No!” Brittany responded a little too strongly. “N-not yet, at least.”

“Why not? Do you really want to end up like Autumn Rose?”

“Of course not.” Brittany lied. That would be so hot! “But, there’s only… five minutes left. I can make it.”

“I don’t know why you even let it get to this point in the first place, but whatever.”

“I’ll be fine.” Brittany was reassuring herself, as much as she was reassuring Liz.

As the time ticked on, though, Brittany quickly learned what feat it would be to remain dry. Already her underwear was wet from the little she released earlier. While it didn’t show on her jeans, it wouldn’t take much more to make it obvious, especially with as light of fabric and as tight as the pair she wore was. Tentatively she reached her hand down into her lap and applied pressure to herself.

Her ears burned, but she ignored Liz’s disapproval. The presence of her hand seemed to make the task much easier, and before she knew it the bell rang, signaling her freedom. The two girls left the room in a rush.

“Now go to the bathroom before the janitors have another mess to clean.” Liz teased.

“N-no. My house is only a couple blocks…” Brittany whimpered, waddling forward as fast as she could.

“Ohhhh. I get it. You’re one of those people who can’t use public bathrooms. How did I not know that about you?”

“Uh… I dunnogottagobye!” Brittany raced off as fast as her waddling legs could take her. Bent slightly at the hip, she knew she must have looked ridiculous, but she didn’t care. She had to get home!

The two blocks felt like a marathon, and several times along the way sudden waves of desperation left her at a complete standstill until the urged ebbed away and she was free to shuffle on. Finally, she reached her house, and threw the door open, and slammed it shut behind her. Being home she felt the need to pee get even worse. She doubled over, placing her hand against the wall to support her and trembled violently.

“Not yet. So close.” She groaned, inching her way to the bathroom. She slammed the door behind her again and struggled towards the toilet. She felt the stream coming, Her crotch felt warm. She tore her pants down, shuffled towards the toilet and sat on the porcelain heaven, decanting her guilty pleasure into its reservoir.

Brittany sighed loudly as her golden flood sprayed loudly into the waters beneath her. This. Was. Heaven. When the stream finally subsided, she was still breathing heavily from the labor of holding back the flood for so long. Her eyes surveyed the damage. The lap and seat of her jeans were noticeably wet, and a small trail of pee led to the toilet, but she had, for the most part made it, and found her limit.

With that knowledge she reached her hand back to her crotch, this time to relieve herself in a different way.

This is actually the earliest Brittany story in her timeline that I will actually ever do, because yes, I will return to both Brittany and Autumn's world. I have a lot of plans for the two of them, and their friends. In any case, I hope you enjoyed the story, let me know what you think!

