Silvia's Boyfriend (Furry)

Author: NearNudeLayla

*000*2018-01-30 20:21

Silvia was a beige-furred feline with hair dyed blonde. She was wearing the short skirt and thigh high socks that her older sister had bought for her for her birthday and for finally leaving the military. She and her boyfriend, Red, were on their way to see Silvia's sister. Silvia usually never brought a date to see her sister, but Red was nice. He wasn't just a boy toy to her. He was someone she genuinely enjoyed having around.

Red was a red fox with black hair. He was dressed pretty casually in a t-shirt and jeans, as usual. He was pretty skittish as times, but quickly warmed up to people who were nice to him.

Silvia's sister lived about 6 hours from where Silvia lived, and the couple was already running late. Silvia threw their bags into the car, with Red hopping into the passenger seat.

"Okay! We need to get out of here!" She quickly shut the trunk and jumped right into the driver's seat, started the car, and took right off towards the closest freeway.

About an hour into the drive, they were well out of town with nothing but highway ahead and a couple of empty coffee cups in the cup holders. Red would occasionally look outside.

"So, are we good on gas?"

Silvia nodded.

"Yeah. I filled up yesterday."

"Oh." Red looked around a little more. "Do you want some more coffee?"

"No, sweetie, thank you."

Red smiled. Admittedly, he was trying to give her a reason to pull over so he could use the bathroom. He had been the one who slept in, causing them to be late. He had been rushed out the door, too tired to think about his urge to pee. It didn't really occur to him until after they had left the coffee shop with their coffee to go, that he realized he had to pee. And an hour and a cup of coffee later, his bladder felt like it was going to explode. With no hope of stopping for any other reason, Red decided to open up.

"Silvia, I have to pee." He leaned over, resting his hands over his crotch. Silvia smiled a little.

"Yeah, me too, but I think I can hold it until we stop to refuel... As long as I don't drink anything else."

Red paused for a few seconds.

"I can't... I have to pee right now." Silvia smiled at this, part in disbelief, and partly because she was amused.

"Can you really not hold it?"

"No. I didn't get to pee before we left, or at the coffee shop. I was too tired to realize."

"And you didn't tell me before we got out of town because...?"

"I thought we could stop soon..." Silvia sighed, still smiling a little.

"Well, the next stop is about two hours away, and we are running behind." Red whined in response.

"I'm going to pee my pants." Red's hands were gripping his crotch rather tightly. He genuinely felt like his bladder was expanding his belly. Every breath he took caused his bladder to twinge in pain. He looked to his girlfriend, who only held a small smile. He did not think anything of it, however. But Silvia was enjoying seeing him desperate. She didn't know why, exactly. Maybe it was dominance, or she just liked the idea of seeing someone else wet themselves. Either way, she had control of the situation and she was going to have fun with it.

"Look, just try to hold it, and I'll try to find a place to turn off so you can pee." Red groaned.

"Not happening. I need to pee now!"

"Well, if it's that bad, then just pee. I won't be mad, as long as you clean up when we stop." Hearing this, Red's bladder twinged one last time before he just let it all out. Seeing Red wet his pants made Silvia feel alive. She felt a little warm between her legs, the arousal slowly coming in.

"I'm sorry..." Red muttered. Silvia chuckled.

"It's okay... We all have accidents..." Red looked at her.

"Even you?"

Silvia blushed.

"Actually, yes... Even me..."

"Care to share?" Red smiled, hopeful, but Silvia giggled.

"Not yet."

They rode on to the next gas station.

