Desperate In The Clockwork Mansion

Author: Nineteen

*000*2017-04-12 01:13

I know guys. "Well, jeez! It took you long enough!" And it really did. If you haven't read the first Dishonored 2 story I wrote, you don't have to to understand this one and it's not all that great, so whatever... but if you want, I'll put a link right here

. Anyways, without further ado, let's get into it!

...

Emily had been trapped in Kirin Jindosh’s mansion for a very long time. As annoyed as she was at her lack of ability to find her way to her target (or even out of the house), she was even more annoyed with another predicament. She had foolishly pulled a lever almost as soon as she came in to escape the clockwork soldiers that Jindosh had sent after her, and she had no idea how to get out. The space was cramped and she was starting to ache all over from being bent over to fit… and for another reason, a reason she refused to let herself think about.

Emily had been trapped in the space between the inventor’s walls for quite some time, and in the cramped space, she had gone from uncomfortable to desperate to positively bursting and her bladder showed no signs of stopping. She stopped her incredibly slow progress to squeeze her crotch and shuffle in place for a moment before resuming at a snail’s pace. She gritted her teeth together and stopped once more, dropping to her knees to get into a more comfortable position. Taking advantage of her new stance, she leaned back slightly and jammed her heel tightly into her crotch. The new move offered her only a moment of respite before another wave of desperation sent her hands flying to join her heel in her attempts to hold back her- No! Don’t think about it! That will only make it worse.

After a few seconds, her desperation subsided and she returned to her crouched position and began to walk forward again… if you can call this walking. I’m practically crawling. Emily thought angrily. I’ll never reach a toilet like this… shaking her head, she stopped again, steeling herself for the next few steps. Her feet scraped noisily against the floor and she cringed, praying no clockworks could hear her. If they knew where she was, she’d never get out of here- not alive, at least.

Emily looked around, sighing quietly. Still no way out… she thought, exasperated. Another wave of desperation drove her to her knees and her hands into her crotch. She rocked back and forth, silently begging her bladder to let her stay dry. It complied… almost. A tiny squirt of urine leaked into her panties and she gasped as the warm wetness dribbled down to her bottom. The feeling of the droplets warming her underwear worsened her desperation for several seconds and she could feel wave after wave of hot pee battering the dam that was her weakening bladder muscles.

Another small squirt leaked, then another, longer, squirt. She could feel her control slipping. She was certain that the pee was visible on her pants, however slightly. She ground her teeth together, tensing everything in her body, trying desperately to keep from peeing anymore, but her control was slipping away. She could hardly contain herself, but after a moment, the pressure finally subsided. She opened her eyes, unclenched her jaw and assessed the damage.

A small wet patch about the size of a coin was visible on her tan pants. If she had any more leaks like that, she would be completely soaked. She shook her head irritably and vowed to find herself a bathroom before that happened. All she had to do was find a way out of this damned crawl space, or simply somewhere that it opened up. That would make holding it easier.

…

Seriously, how is anyone supposed to find their way out of here?! No exit nor taller room had made an appearance since she wished for one nearly ten minutes ago, and Emily was trying to keep calm, but her bladder was distracting her. No further leaks had occurred, but she had gone from a snail’s pace to a literal crawl. From her new position on her hands and knees, she could snap her hands to her bladder in a single second… but her progress had slowed even more and her mobility was at a minimum as well. If a clockwork soldier made its way down here, she was doomed.

She doubted that would happen, however, and, at the moment, she was very much interested in the idea of staying as dry as she could, so she diverted her attention to that. The area she was in right now was very thin and long, but she was nearing the end of it. She prayed that around the corner would be an open space or a way out… but she knew it was unlikely. She had been down here a while with nothing of the sort and her hopes were all but gone.

Emily was almost to the corner when another tidal wave of desperation hit her out of nowhere. She yanked her hands out from under her and jammed them into her crotch, clamping her legs together around them, and clenched as hard as she could. Her butt, thrust up in the air by her holding tactic, wiggled back and forth as she attempted to keep from wetting her pants. It was no use, though, and she knew it as soon as the first squirt sprayed from her. She could feel it spread across her butt and the warmth made her desperation double.

Another long squirt escaped her. She was in utter disbelief- she was on the verge of wetting herself like a little girl! Another, slightly smaller squirt escaped her. She could feel her control slipping away. The next one could hardly be called a squirt, as it continued for several seconds before she got control of it. She felt the hot liquid run down to the middle of her right thigh before being fully absorbed by her pants. She was on the very edge of a full on accident.

One of her hands balled into a fist as the other jammed all its fingers into her pee-hole in an attempt to stimmy the flow, but despite her efforts, she felt another small squirt shoot between her fingers, dripping off them and running up her arm. She tensed her muscles for one last stand, and, to her surprise, managed to end the waves of desperation for a moment and stop the flow. Maybe the escape of some pee had lessened the pressure on her bladder. She sat up slowly, but this time she didn’t look at her pants. She knew that she had made quite the mess, but she wanted to see what was around this corner before she gave up completely.

Gripping herself tightly and willing her aching bladder to keep from releasing anymore, she crawled the last few inches to the corner and peeked carefully around. To her amazement and relief, she saw a switch, undoubtedly one that would move the house again and bring her back to the surface. She crawled frantically over to it, ignoring the protests from her bladder, and pulled it without hesitation. She waited in anticipation for the noises that meant the house was moving around again, the smiled happily when she heard them.

She was about to turn and see where the movement was occurring when she felt something touch her back just above her (now very wet) bottom. The start caused her bladder to leak slightly, but she held back most of it and turned her head to look at what was now pressing down on her rather hard. To her great displeasure, she saw the floor, coming down from the room above and attempting to settle directly on top of her lower half. She rolled over quickly and began to back away from it, but the floor was quicker.

It closed the gap between where her back had been and the place where her swollen belly was now with alarming speed, pushing down lightly before she could even begin to move out of the way. She attempted to pull herself free of the moving floor with her arms, but the fit was already too snug and getting worse. All she managed to do was move a couple inches, putting her bladder directly under the floor. It pushed down harder, pressing like a cruel hand against her bursting bladder. Pressing harder and harder, it was all she could do to get her hands under the crushing floor and pull, but it was no use.

The floor pushed down more, finally tight enough to squeeze some urine from her aching bladder. She pulled hard, but it pushed harder, smashing her belly against the floor, squeezing her tighter and tighter, forcing her bladder empty like a servant wringing out a wet rag. She pulled again, but the floor lurched, crushing her, now painfully. She yelped, then cried out. This will be the end of me. I can’t believe it. She thought, angry with herself in spite of the pain. Killed because I had to pee too bad to stand up straight.

Then, suddenly, it stopped. The floor stopped its descent and started upwards again. Emily was thankful, but confused, until she heard the mechanical voice of a clockwork soldier, yammering about audio detection playback. As soon as the floor had ascended high enough, she squirmed out from underneath it, her bladder sloshing, still plenty full of liquid. Ignoring the protests and the thin stream of pee still leaking from her, she climbed through the (now closing) gap onto the floor above, only to find a clockwork soldier staring at her.

She drew her sword without hesitation and blocked as the clockwork swung its blades at her. It overheated and Emily took the opportunity to quickly lop off one of its arms. It cooled off and returned to functionality, swinging at Emily, who nimbly hopped aside, another jet of pee leaking from her. She whined softly, but refocused herself as the clockwork soldier approached again. This time, she simply threw down a stun mine and waited. The mechanical creature walked over it without a second thought and immediately shut down. Emily leapt aside as the soldier exploded into sparks and scraps.

She collapsed to her knees, exhausted and desperate. She stuffed her hands into her crotch to stem the oncoming flow, but a jet of pee still shot through her hands, glistening as it soaked her pants further. It’s okay, though. She thought hopefully. This isn’t a total accident yet. I can still make it. I just have to… Her train of thought was derailed as another squirt of hot pee escaped her, wetting her bottom. She gripped herself harder, determined to stop the flow until she could find a toilet. She was so close. She knew it. All she had to do was hold it a little longer. She forced herself to stop squirting and got to her feet.

She saw a door, the one that led the way Kirin Jindosh had gone immediately after introducing himself. She tried it, only to find it locked to her dismay. She squealed as her bladder made its discomfort known again, but it stopped short of a leak this time. She turned to go down the hallway she had seen earlier, the one that led to the waiting area, but, to her horror, found it blocked off by a wall of light. She did a small pee dance, but her control was slipping. Another spurt of pee shot from her, wetting her pants down to the knee. She turned in a slow circle, trying to find somewhere to go that may have a toilet, but she couldn’t. The stairs were blocked off by the shifting of the room, the only door in sight locked and the only other exit from the room blocked by a wall of light.

She whimpered again, grabbing herself and hopping from foot to foot. This can’t be happening! She begged and pleaded with her bladder, but still she could not contain herself. Her hopes had been dashed. What other chance was there to find a toilet now? And, if she couldn’t, why bother holding it anymore? She could find somewhere to squat and pee, avoiding any further damage to her pants, but it was too late. She hunched over and tensed up, but a squirt of pee escaped her, then another and another. She knew she couldn’t hold it any longer.

Another, longer squirt shot out of her, then the next, too long to be called a squirt, soaked her pants to the middle of her shin. She tried one last time to hold it, but after a moment, she gave up. The pee squirts became a stream, then a river, then gushed like a burst dam, soaking her pants, spreading across her butt, puddling on the floor. She fell to her knees, her face beet red and only getting redder when she heard the splash she made in her own puddle. She shook her head and sighed, but nearly choked when the smell entered her nostrils- that of her failure to hold it, of her pee.

She supposed this was fine. She could face more clockwork soldiers with wet pants. It wasn’t like they knew the difference between a wet foe and a dry one. There were, however, human guards in the mansion as well… ones that would take great amusement or great disgust in seeing her pants sopping wet. Just one more reason not to get caught. She rose slowly, embarrassed of her accident, but still determined to rescue Sokolov and kill Jindosh. There was no way he would survive her blade after causing something like this.

...

Okay, there you have it. I know I got a little longwinded again, but I thoroughly enjoyed writing this and I hope everybody enjoys reading it as well. If you did, leave a comment, maybe let me know if you'd like to see more (although I hope not, because that would require me to play more of the game) or see me write about something else. I can probably write about most video games and animes... if you're into that sort of thing. If you didn't like it, feel free to tell me why. Anyways, thanks for reading and I hope you liked it.

*002*2017-04-14 10:26

{{5 hours ago, Bellatrix1 said:

That was very good

}}

Thank you!

*005*2017-04-18 19:45

{{7 hours ago, Sherry said:

Great story

}}

Thanks! I really appreciate the encouragement!

*007*2017-04-18 19:53

{{14 minutes ago, wedgeantilles said:

Very good story, thanks a lot!

}}

Yeah, no problem! I had a great time writing it!

*009*2017-04-21 19:12

{{3 hours ago, Noone000 said:

What other games do you like the idea of writing stories about?

}}

Well, I actually just posted one about Elena and Chloe from Uncharted 2 for a request, but just for myself, I was toying with the idea of writing a Bioshock: Infinite one about Elizabeth or maybe Borderlands 1 or 2... or both. If you'd like to make a request, though, I'd be happy to give it a shot.

