Bedwetting Blunders At Camp Wellspring ~Warm Water~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2022-09-09 11:45

Here is the new series I mentioned previously! Hope you guys enjoy the double feature today!

This series is an original series focused on girls wetting the bed. This series will not contain poop in it. It is meant to show the different situations where a girl would wet the bed, what they wear when they do it, and how they react.

“Thank GOD! It’s been forever since we’ve had a field trip like this!” Cheer team captain Tiffany stretched her arms out, obscuring the faces face of the girl next to her on the bus seat. The team captain touted long, red hair which ended in waves as they touched just above her moderate chest. Her breasts only complimented the rest of her body, petite in nature, leaving little doubt as to how she was so popular on the team.

“I’ll just be excited when I can finally get off this bus,” Alice snapped back. The goth girl with an attitude barely stood above five feet tall, but her black platform boots made up the difference. Despite her antisocial tendencies, she was as pretty as a doll, her dyed-black hair flowing to her butt with a singular braid running down it.

“Tiff’s got a point though, ya know?” Suzu chimed in as she flipped the bangs of her short, black hair. Similar in physique to the cheerleader, Suzu was the pride and joy of the girls track team. She opted for a tomboyish style, donning blue shorts and a baggy purple t-shirt, perfectly obscuring the size of her small breasts.

“Don’t be such a killjoy, Alice.” Jillian, the student council president, chided the goth. Clocking in as the bustiest of the four, Jill wore a cardigan that barely fit as well as a short skirt that was unbecoming of someone with the title “president”. Her blonde bob-cut extended to her shoulders, freshly cut to compliment her preppy appearance.

“Whatever…,” Alice trailed off, knowing she was outnumbered.

“I’m just glad the boys are on a separate bus,” the track her said, relief showing in her face. “The jocks have been real annoying lately, trying to pull pranks around every corner.”

“Tell me about it,” Tiff chimed in. “At the last cheer meet, they coated the floor of the locker room in lube! It took literally an hour to get changed, forget about showering!”

“T.M.I.,” Alice breathed, staring out the window as a “Camp Wellspring” sign came into view.

“I’ll say something about it at the next board meeting. I doubt much’ll happen though,” Jill sighed as they drove through the entrance to the camp they were staying at.

“I can see why the pool for who was selected was so small,” the blond girl said, lifting her bag onto her bed. “Four to a cabin, and only ten cabins split between the guys and girls.”

“Hey, at least we all get our own beds. No bunk beds are a major plus as far as I’m concerned! And they even gave up all little nightstands for out stuff!” The track star patted the top of the wooden furniture as she plopped on her bed without a care in the world, before wincing a bit from the discomfort at the stiffness of the mattress.

“Good thing too, I don’t think I’d be able to sleep knowing Ms. Smiles and Rainbows over there was rubbing one out above me,” Tiffany joked as she gestured over to Alice.

“That’s funny coming from the bitch who’s pussy’s memorized the dick shape of every guy in school.” The short girl shot a stinging glare behind her, gluing her target’s mouth shut.

“Aaaaaand with that, I think we should head out and have some fun!” Suzu said to diffuse the tension in the room. One by one, the girls exited their cabin in anticipation of the start of their week-long field trip.

The day went by normally, with a simple hike through the forest. Some of the girls thought they had seen the guys whispering to each other while looking at them, but the day had been prank-free. After everyone had dinner, they had all returned to their cabins to prepare for lights out.

“I guess the boys just weren’t feeling up to it today,” Tiffany exhaled.

“Maybe they’re afraid of the camp counselors?” Suzu questioned.

“Doubtful. They’re bound to do some dumb shit eventually. They were looking at you a lot after all,” Alice chuckled. “Sure you’re not gonna meet some of then out back after dark for some ‘fun’?”

“Shut it, short stuff,” the cheerleader said, a blush creeping on her face.

“It’s already dark, so we should, ahhn, get changed and ready for bed,” Jill yawned. Everyone else nodded or stared briefly before rummaging through their belongings for their night clothes. Before long, the four were changed into their sleepwear. The goth wore an excessively frilly gray and purple nightgown that covered her entire body, wearing nothing else but plain blue panties. The cheerleader chose to sleep in just her red and white striped panties. The track girl opted for a white crop top and dark green boxers. Lastly, the student council president was the only one wearing typical pajamas, alternating between orange and white stripes.

“Alright, I’m all spent, so let’s call it a night, ‘kay?” Suzu said. Everyone hummed in agreement except for Alice, who was already buried under the covers.

“Good enough for me,” Jillian said as she turned off the lights. “Good night everyone.” Within the hour, the four girls were out cold, oblivious to the fact that the boys were about to spring their first prank of the week.

“Hmmm, it’s so hot…,” Suzu complained, as she slowly stirred herself awake, immediately bothered by an uncomfortable feeling between her legs. A lukewarm and wet feeling. “What?!” the short-haired girl exclaimed. She pulled the white sheets off of her bed to confirm her suspicions. She had wet the bed. The front of her boxers were now an even darker shade of green and the bedding had a yellow discoloration to it. Before she got another thought in, another voice cut her off.

“Those bastards!” Tiff screamed. Suzu looked her way and saw that the cheerleader’s bed was similarly soaked, and the white stripes of her underwear were now yellow. The pieces started to fit together in the track stars head as she noticed bowls on each girl’s nightstand, with her own bowl on the ground. As she noticed that Alice and Jill’s hands were still in their bowls, the full picture of what happened formed in her brain.

“So that’s what they were planning, huh?” Suzu looked down at herself, displeased, but at least glad that her accident wasn’t her fault.

“Shit, this sucks…,” the goth said from her bed as she pulled her hand out of the bowl of water. She had similarly soaked her bed, but as she stood up, she noticed her gown had suffered a lot of damage, having been soaked in both the back and front due to the length of the material. She lifted her dress at the parts that weren’t drenched in pee, revealing her once blue panties had become dark blue.

“It would seem that we were wrong to assume the boys weren’t planning anything,” Jillian said as she groaned in disgust. Her pajama bottoms had changed into a different color entirely, having become a color close to red and faint yellow strips. All four of them looked at each other, acknowledging that no one in the cabin was spared from their wet dreams.

“Hey girls, rise and shi-,” one of the camp counselors said as they entered the cabin before being stunned by the sight of four high school bedwetting girls. “Get cleaned up, we’ll talk after,” was all she had to say as she left the cabin, leaving the four girls to their embarrassment.

“I refuse to do such a thing!” Jillian protested. “I’m a student council president, not an infant!”

“Yeah!” Tiffany butted in. “We were forced to wet the bed! The boys tricked us!”

“Sorry girls, but rules are rules. You signed the waivers, right?” The camp counselor held her ground as she splayed four infantile garments in front of the girls.

“I don’t see what the waivers have to do with this…,” Suzu murmured, eying the padded underwear in front of her.

“One of the terms involves bedwetting,” the older woman started. “It says that if anyone wets the bed, they must wear protective underwear, day and night, for the remainder of the week. This is due to an increase in accidents happening here, which in turn has been driving our costs up.”

“Sounds like bullshit to me,” Alice said in defiance.

“Well, whether you, like it or not, dem’s the breaks,” the woman said through her southern drawl. “If you refuse, I’ll have to explain to your parents how you all wet the bed and were arguing with a counselor about it.”

“Grrr…,” Tiffany fumed. After a few seconds she gave in, grabbing the pull-up and heading back to her bed, now cleaned up by the camp staff. Suzu followed suit shortly after. Jill grabbed hers as her made a disgusted face at the counselor. The short goth was the last to give in to the camp’s demands, but it wasn’t long before she accepted her fate. All four girls eyed the woman from their respective bed, demanding privacy with their gazes. The counselor relented and exited the cabin as the group of bedwetters put on their pull-ups for the first time since their childhood.

Uncomfortable situation aside, the girls made it through the week mostly event-free. That night, the warm water prank was played on them again, but the boys gave up on the days after. They had thought the trick stopped working, when in reality it had worked perfectly but wasn’t visible to them. After an uncomfortable morning of acknowledging they were changing their wet pull-ups, the days went by fast. The only indicators that might’ve blown their cover were the occasional random diaper checks by the counselors, but the staff was nice enough to take them somewhere private for that. Afterwards, the girls made a pact, swearing to never speak of this incident to anybody. Eventually time passed, and they returned to a normal school life, but none of them forgot the time they all wet the bed at Camp Wellspring.

*002*2022-09-12 03:16

{{12 hours ago, Garrus said:

Great start!

Bedwetters at camp is one of my favorite story themes.

I'm looking forward to seeing where this goes

}}

Thanks!

This series will work in pretty specific format, where the camp's the setting and there's one bedwetting scenario with 4 (maybe more) victims. The girls will change each time, but I might bring one back down the line.

