Mana's day at the mall

Author: Notme246

*000*2018-08-11 07:10

Another story. This one's about a manaphy named Mana. Hope you all enjoy!

###

Mana was walking around the mall happily. Drinking heard third cup of strawberry lemonade. She just couldn't resist the taste, so once she finish the one she had, she went and got a fourth one.

She gulped it down quickly, feeling the lemonade fall into her belly colliding with the lemonde from earlier. As she walked she felt the liquids slosh around in her belly which was a bit uncomfortable. She also felt like her belly was a bit bloated due to the lot of lemonade in it. But she figured she'd be fine.

"It's such a nice day to be at the mall.." She said gazing at the large mall as she continued walking through it.

She felt a slight twinge in her bladder, but ignored it.

She got thirsty again, so she couldn't help but buy another lemonade. She guzzled it down and felt it land in her belly. It was refreshing.

The sloshing in her belly felt weird to her and while it was uncomfortable at first, it soon was sorta fun for her to jiggle her belly around and feel the sloshing inside. She giggle cheerfully as she did.

Then her belly made a loud rumble noise. She was a bit confused since she wasn't hungry. She rubbed it a little, but her belly made the noise again.

Then she felt a cold uncomfortable feeling down below, between her legs in her crotch to be exact.

"Ooh...I gotta use the little girls room". Mana said as she starting searching for a bathroom.

A little bit later, she had no luck. She was getting sorta desperate. "Oh gosh I really gotta pee...". She said. She put one hand on her pee hole, not caring if anyone saw her.

She kept looking around, she also tried asking people despite being visibly desperate. But no one was able to help her.

By now her bladder was full and she had both hands on her pee hole and was doing a slight pee dance as she walked. "Nnnn! I gotta go so bad". She said, her legs shaking. "I-I think I'm gonna leak soon..".

She continued her search, visibly shaking. Her belly was buldged out due to her aching bladder. "Gotta pee...gotta pee...gotta pee...". She said.

Suddenly she had to bend over and clutch her pee hole tightly. "Oooh...I c-can't hold it much longer...".

Eventually she felt a small spurt escape, she was able to stop it from coming out anymore. But relasing that spurt made her need even to pee even greater.

She walked extremely slowly still searching, her bladder ready to explode. Then she saw a sign that lead to a bathroom!

She went as quick as she could. She saw the bathroom and went to open it but it was locked. She then rapidly knocked on it. "Oooh! Please hurry hurry hurry! I'm about to burst over hear!". She said desperately.

"Just a minute!". The girl inside said.

Mana did a desperate pee dance, crossing her legs and holding her pee hole. "Nnnnnn!!! I gotta go so bad! My bladder's gonna explode!!! Please hurry!!!". She said squeezing her legs tighter and tighter. "I-It's leaking!!!".

She could feel the urine starting to leak through and drip into her hands. "I-I'm not gonna make it! Please please PLEASE hurry up!".

Finally, the girl, a victini, exited the bathroom and moved out of the way for Mana.

Mana was in such a rush that she didn't close the door, she ran it, sat her butt on toilet, and released the pent up liquid inside her, sighing in max relief. "Haa...haa...".

The victini, meanwhile, couldn't help but watch her, slightly enjoying the sight of it. Then she realized what she was doing and quickly looked away.

Mana then realized the door wasn't closed and blushed badly in embarrassment.

The victini was gonna walk away but she didn't for some reason.

Mana slowly got up after a few minutes, wiped herself, flushed, and washed her hands. Then she slowly walked over to the victini nervously. "U-uhh, h-hey there...sorry for not..c-closing it". She said, clearly embarrassed

The victini seemed embarrassed herself. "I-It's ok.. It was...pretty cute to be honest.".

Mana blushed even more at this comment. "T-thank you...". She said twiddling her fingers.

The victini stood silently for a minute. Then wrote something on a piece of paper.

Mana was a bit confused. The victini then stuck the piece of paper on Mana's head. "M-my name is Villy.." She said and slowly talked away.

Mana looked the paper...it was...Villy's...number...

