A Desperate Confession (Yahari Ore no Seishun Fanfic)

Author: Noot

*000*2020-10-07 00:52

This was a really fun commission to write, thanks to Subaru! It was great to get a chance to really focus on one character, and such a cute one too!

###

In the flickering amber glow of firelight, Yukino Yukinoshita sat and waited for the biggest moment of her life. She was alone, had been alone with her thoughts for some time, fighting a battle between her fear and her passion. The only noises were the crackling of flames, the sea lapping gently against the shore below, the ambient chirping of crickets. Under any other circumstances she would have appreciated the peace of nature, but tonight’s quiet only made her feel sick to her stomach.

She was waiting for Hikigaya. That fact kept going round and round in her head like a bad song. Any minute now Hikigaya would walk through those doors and she would tell him- if she could hold her nerve- how she really felt, how she’d felt for some time now. How would he react? Yukino didn’t really want to think about it. She just knew that she had to go through with this, had to be honest with him. Her mind was made up. If it ended badly… well, at least she’d know for sure.

He sure was taking his time, though. The only thing keeping Yukino from working herself that night had been the distraction of organising the prom; she’d barely had time to think about what would come after. Now, in the aftermath, all she had left were the nagging little voices in her head reeling off all the things that could go wrong.

And yet somehow that wasn’t even her biggest concern- not anymore. Caught up in the constant stressful action of the night, she’d drunk plenty of water and soft drinks to keep hydrated despite the clammy heat in their busy venue. She should have predicted that her recklessness would come back to bite her. Sitting quietly on the bench now, sea breeze blowing gently over her right shoulder, Yukino desperately needed to use the bathroom. Several times she’d been sorely tempted to rush off and relieve herself before returning, but she knew that it simply wasn’t an option. If Hikigaya came out to greet her and she wasn’t there, where did that leave them? This could be the most important night of her life, and she refused to blow it.

But oh, how good it would feel to empty herself. She could imagine the relief of sitting on the toilet and just letting it go; the thought made her only more desperate. The ache in her bladder, which had once been almost pleasant, was now heavy and uncomfortable. With every passing minute sitting still was becoming increasingly difficult. Every few seconds she changed position, crossing and uncrossing and folding and stretching her legs, searching fruitlessly for some sitting stance that didn’t make her feel like she was about to burst like a balloon. No matter what Yukino did, though, she was only growing more in need of a toilet.

Usually she liked this outfit, but at that moment in time she resented the way the waistband dug into her abdomen, making it even harder to hold on. She was dressed in her neat black jacket with white accents, a classy shirt and a red ribbon tied into a bow around her neck. Yukino had always loved the way black clothes matched with the coal-shade of her hair while white contrasted sharply against it. It made her look smart and adult. Far too adult, she scolded, to be wetting herself.

It wasn’t the fact that she was desperate that angered Yukino. It was the fact that she was desperate again. This seemed to keep happening, even though she’d grown up and taken on these responsibilities and made such strong emotional connections with people in her life. None of that changed the fact that she still had the bladder control of a little kid. Sooner or later, she’d always known, she’d find herself cross-legged, bouncing up and down on the spot, trying to hang on during a hugely important moment when she needed to be concentrating. Tonight was that night.

The worst part was that she knew she’d need to hide it when Hikigaya arrived. Fidgeting and squirming and squeezing her thighs together wasn’t helping much, but it was better than nothing. As soon as her friend got there, she’d have to give up all those things and act like everything was completely normal. She couldn’t let him see her in this state, especially not considering the magnitude of the thing she was going to tell him. If he suspected she was in dire need of a visit to the ladies’ room she was sure he would insist that she went, and that would ruin everything. By the time she got back the mood would be gone.

As the moon moved painlessly behind a dark cloud, Yukino’s worst nightmare came true: she felt a sneeze coming on. She tried to hold it back, but to no avail. At any other time sneezing would be no problem. Desperate, though, she feared it could be a death sentence. By some miracle she made it through without wetting herself, but it was a close call. The force of the sneeze contracted her bladder just enough to make the need to pee just that little bit worse, and it forced Yukino to do something that she never did: with one trembling hand, she reached down and held herself, squeezing tightly in an attempt to help relieve some of the pressure. It didn’t feel like she’d leaked. Still, though, Yukino knew that it was only a matter of time before that happened, too, unless Hikigaya was extremely quick.

She tried to think back to the last time she'd needed the bathroom this badly and found that she couldn't remember such a time ever existing. Her bladder was screaming for relief, silenced only by the knowledge that urinating right now could spoil a night she'd put so much work into. Still holding her private area in a battle against the desperation, Yukino closed her eyes and prayed that Hikigaya would be there soon.

###

In one hopeless, yearning attempt to distract herself from that painfully throbbing need to pee, Yukino found herself reading through her papers once again. She wasn’t taking the words in, not really. They were just something to look at and attempt to think about something that wasn’t her bladder. At this stage, it was doing precious little to calm her urgency.

Her stomach churned with nerves when she heard footsteps behind her. She recognised those footsteps. They were Hikigaya’s, deceptively light from years of tennis and cycling, but with that jittery quality that only he carried. Slowly, the anxiety and the desperation gnawing away at her, she turned to face him.

There he was, looking exactly as she had been picturing him. She couldn’t put her finger exactly on what made her love him. He was just so… Hikigaya. How strange, she thought, that he has no idea I need to go. And even stranger that he doesn’t know what I’m about to say. She’d rehearsed the lines in her head dozens of times, trying every variation of I love you she could think of, and yet now, her bladder on the brink of breaking, Yukino had forgotten all of them. Before she could remember the right way to say it, he spoke first.

“Good job. You somehow overcame all our challenges”.

She manufactured a weak smile, which immediately faded. She was just too nervous to smile. And she had to pee too badly.

“The hard part starts now,” she told him, trying to stay on topic, “we have so many issues left to settle. We can save the expenditure calculations for later. First, we have to totally clean up everything here”.

Feeling her control finally starting to give way, she stood up and went to him. Immediately, Yukino realised that that had been a huge mistake. Her desperation only intensified now her legs were straightened and apart, and she almost gasped when she felt a spurt of pee spill hotly out of her crotch and begin to soak into her underwear. She’d had no say in the squirt; it had been totally involuntary. The excess, the droplets that the fabric simply couldn’t soak up, started trickling down her left leg. It felt strange and tickling on her smooth thigh. Yukino had to fight with almost everything she had to suppress any sign that she was on the verge of wetting herself. Hikigaya could not find out- not under any circumstances. She let the wad of paper in her hands fall in front of her crotch to hide any sign of the leak. All of these thoughts flew threw her panicked mind at a million miles an hour, but it only took a few seconds in real time.

“True,” he agreed, “I guess we better get to it”.

“And can you also check the dressing room while you’re at it?” she felt the hot dribble of pee reach her knee, and had to force herself to soldier on as if nothing was wrong. “I’m going to go pay for the additional orders and return the key, so please do that”. After I use the bathroom, she thought silently, but felt it was best not to add that part.

“O-Okay… the work just keeps piling up. Uh, but yeah. I’m on it”.

“A-and also, can we meet in front of the entrance when cleanup is finished?” Yukino had already lost interest in this talk, only reciting the words she knew she needed to say lest they come back to haunt her later. A second leak escaped and wet her underwear even further. This one was a little bigger than the first, her muscles fading. She needed to wrap up the conversation, and soon. “It’d be a huge help if you could check the parking lot while you wait. If there are still people gathered out there, then please say something to get them moving,” her voice was speeding up without her meaning to let it, having reeled through the checklist of things she had to say that didn’t really matter. It was now or never. If she didn’t tell him how she felt right now, she’d surely have an accident. Another wave of desperation tingled down her spine and constricted her bladder, and she almost ruined her underwear there and then. “And also-“

“There’s still more? Isn’t that enough? Give me a break!”

Yukino took a deep breath. She was sure by now that her crotch was trembling with effort. Her heart pounded in her chest- this was it. It had to be, because she had to get out of there in the next minute, or she wouldn’t make it. “No, there’s one last thing I have to say…”

She cleared her throat, almost having to persuade herself to go through with it. Yukino had known that, at the last hurdle, she’d want to back out. If she hadn’t been desperate for the bathroom, she might have done it. Instead she told him the truth.

“I love you, Hikigaya”.

Saying the words felt like a weight lifting off of her shoulders, but she couldn’t enjoy it; the weight still in her bladder was too much, and getting worse by the second. Hikigaya’s jaw dropped. She’d expected that. He looked totally lost for words, and she’d expected that too. However, when she’d pictured this scene in her head, she hadn’t expected to be going to the toilet in her underwear. A third spurt escaped and she blushed furiously, turning the shade of a strawberry. Up came those papers in her hand, trying to hide as much of her face as she could, trying not to give away the game if she could help it.

This was it. Yukino was losing control, like a child, in front of the man she had just confessed her love to. Need to leave, a frantic voice in her head yelled. Need to get out of here now. She backed off. She wasn’t leaking anymore, she was dribbling, flowing like a narrow stream, like a tap turned just about on. She had to get out before Hikigaya noticed.

Pee trickling into her shoe and onto her toes, Yukino turned and fled, leaving a shellshocked Hikigaya behind her.

###

She rushed as fast as she dared, as fast as her bladder would permit, towards the double doors that led back inside. As Yukino moved, feeling the dampness in her underwear, on her leg, in her sock, she understood all at once that it wasn’t about making it to the toilet anymore. There was still a slim chance, maybe, but her chances was looking more and more grim by the second. This was about getting out of Hikigaya’s sight before she completely lost control. She could not afford to humiliate herself in front of him. And although she would fight until she could fight no more to reach the bathroom in time, escaping her friend’s gaze was the top priority now.

Running- or even walking quickly- was immensely difficult in her condition. For one thing, she had no choice but to move with her thighs pressed tightly together. But what made it even worse was the heaviness of her bladder, which now felt fuller than she’d ever thought possible, pee pressing down in an effort to escape. Her muscles were clenched tightly shut in that entire area of her body in an attempt to stop the constant stream that was flowing down both of her thighs now. Just before Yukino pushed through the doors and away from the scene, she chanced a glance over her shoulder. In the dancing firelight, there was no mistaking the shimmering drops of urine on the floor behind her. She could only hope that Hikigaya didn’t suspect what was truly going on.

No sooner had the door closed behind her than Yukino's facade crumbled. Gone was the composed, controlled girl that many people knew so well, the girl who had just bravely confessed her love to her closest friend. Now she was a wreck, quivering and squirming as she charged towards the nearest bathroom. Now she was able to focus on nothing but how badly she had to pee, and whether or not she would be able to sit down on something white and comfortable before she did it. Bathroom or not, her bladder was going to give out soon. The question was not if, not even when, but where it would happen.

She swung around the corner, praying fervently that there would be nobody in the hallway that she was about to turn into. Empty, thank goodness. At least there were some small miracles left for her. Yukino shot a second glance over her shoulder and saw more dribbles of pee streaked across the floor, looking far more obvious in the harsh fluorescent indoor lighting. If anyone else joined her in this room now they would surely see the evidence of her leaks, and it wouldn't take very long before they put two and two together and traced these puddles on the floor to her. if that happened, she was sure she would die from the embarrassment. No, being caught was simply not an option. She had to make it.

And yet... she knew she could not. It was too far away, the door all the way at the other side of the corridor like a distant light at the end of a long, dark tunnel. Deep down, Yukino knew it was a lost cause. Maybe if she had left Hikigaya a few seconds sooner... maybe if she had had three bottles of water instead of four at the party... maybe if she had remembered to use the toilet before the prom started...

Maybe, maybe, maybe...

Her bladder was giving up. It was taking over, making its desires very plain. There was nothing left for Yukino to do; she was arguing, fighting, but losing. The desperate fullness of her body could simply shout louder than her mind. At some point, although she didn't know when, the trickling leaks had become a flow with a genuine forcefulness. She felt like a water feature, sheets of warm pee washing down those smooth thighs and towards the floorboards, pulled by gravity to an inevitable fate.

Yukino looked up, papers still in her hands, grasping so tightly that her knuckles were going pale. The women's bathroom was still at least thirty metres away. Despite all of her determination, all of her resilience, despite how hard she had tried to keep the river inside of her, she knew she was done. She couldn't do thirty metres. She simply had to go too badly.

One last look around confirmed that the hallway was still empty. That, at least, was some minuscule comfort. The wad of papers fell numbly from her hands and hit the floor, where they scattered, forgotten. Yukino plunged both hands between her legs and squeezed, knowing deep down that it was no good. Her privates were flowing, now: no longer losing a thin stream but peeing as openly and as powerfully as they would were she on the toilet. Her knees knocked together, feet turning inwards. One final moan of desperation floated from her lips, heard by nobody. All that was audible otherwise was the patter of urine falling onto the floor.

Finally, completely, Yukino began to wet herself. The pressure that had been growing inside of her like a volcano erupted in an explosive release of hot fluid, which almost instantly saturated her underwear and started working through to every other fabric it could reach. Within seconds the pee was no longer being held back by clothing- it poured straight through the material covering her crotch and splashed onto the floor like a waterfall. The rest drenched her skin, not just over her legs but between them, running down to leave a trail on the polished floor. Beneath the shame and discomfort of it all was buried the tiniest speck of pleasure from the relief, but she couldn't enjoy the feeling; she was far too concerned about someone spotting her. Ordinarily Yukino would have sought some shelter to finish her accident in, but she found that she was immobilised, frozen in place almost by some unholy force of desperation.

When, eventually, the flood began to slow, she breathed a last sigh of relief and humiliation. She’d dishonoured herself, soiled herself like a child, and that was without even mentioning the possible aftermath of her talk with Hikigaya. And yet, by some miracle, she was so close to getting away with it. All she needed to do was get out of there before someone arrived and saw her. That thought was enough to get Yukino moving, pacing briskly towards the bathroom, leaving an enormous puddle at the scene of the crime. She forced herself to ignore the nagging feeling that she was forgetting something, focusing instead on getting somewhere private where she could peel off these wet clothes that still felt warm on her skin.

Just before she slipped through the bathroom door, Yukino turned back and took a look at the lake she had lost control of. It would look very much as if someone had emptied a bucket of water over the floor, if not for the faint smell of urine.

She heard footsteps at the other end of the corridor and disappeared into the women’s toilet, shutting the door quietly behind her.

*002*2020-10-12 12:11

{{On 10/9/2020 at 11:36 PM, Aniomo13 said:

Great Story! I hope you will continue with it. Maybe it turns out the footsteps belong to Yui or maybe another Yukinon accident story. Would love to read it.

}}

Thanks! I might continue it at some point although as it was a commission I've barely seen any of the anime it was based off so I'd need to do a lot more research first!

