5K and a full bladder
	(this probably will go unfinished, just a warning)
Author: Nissannavara

*000*2024-10-30 11:38

One word before we start: Burger.

It was a fine, winters night? Evening? I'd just finished fixing this old beater of a '72 cutlass diesel. It ran, it could car, it was an car. "hmm. What do I do now?" I thought to myself (It is snowy and -5⁰ outside) and I think "ohh yes snow drifting." *I get in, turn the key. It cranks. Nothing. I pump the throttle again. Crank it. I get, a rotation before it dies. This repeats about 3 more times, and it finally starts. "Fuck yeah!" As soon as I pull out of my garage with a bedroom, a kitchen and a bathroom section I put my foot down. And immediately spin because I'm not that guy. I decide to snow drift my way to the corner store. I wasn't surprised there were many other people who had to resort to acting like the intersection between 4th and 7th Street in suburbia was the Ebisu touge.

And as I reach the store, quite literally having to pull a reverse entry to get in (for context, a reverse entry is where you flick the car, and do a 180 so your facing the opposite direction your drive wheels are moving while drifting, seriously search it up looks insane) because drum brakes + summer tires on snow = legal rights to act like your a pro driver. And as I park (side ways because I don't think I had the grip to start and stop 17 times in 30 odd seconds) I spot some poor girl, walking down the street. She was short, maybe 5,2 as a high estimate.cblonde hair, etc etc. She is standing on the snow, legs crossed, bouncing up and down with a visible wet patch on her pants, but hasn't fully wet herself yet. I walk up to her to see if she is ok.

"Hey, are you alright?" She doesn't reply for a minute, then says "I..I uhhm... no. I really need to pee right now!" And I say back "ya know that there's a toilet in the corner shop, right?" She replies with "their public toilet is out of order right now, they wouldn't let me in." And all I could say back was "well.. uhh. There's another public toilet a few streets down, do you want me to drive you there?" She replies with "my pants are already really wet, and I dont think I could I really hold it..." at this point she is doubled over, but I can tell a small part of her is enjoying this.

I reply with "to be honest im driving my winter beater right now so I don't really care. I'm sure the smell of cold and old person will block out the smell if you do have an accident, at the very least until winter ends." She says "well. Um. Ok.: *I take her over to my car, she is squirming a lot. her hands pressed hard on her already wet crotch it was weirdly sexual. I get in the drivers side. She looked so tiny on the massive bemch seat I almost laughed. She looked like a toddler, almost.

(Which took away from her sexyness of course, I'm not Epstein) and we set off. Trying to get out of the parking lot was hard because I had about 20 degrees of steering angle before the steering wheel would go light and the front tires would lose all grip. So I spent maybe 3 minutes doing that. The girl had definitely leaked more, because there was a wet patch on the seat. As I continued driving, she squirmed more. Once we got onto the street said public toilet was on. She urgently told me to stop the car, so I braked. But. We just kept skidding down the street for 20 seconds. When we stopped, she hopoed ot and pissed herself, right there. She was soaking herself. Except she was in snow pants so not much actual wetting was shown. But she did. And she was definitely enjoying it. "Well, I don't think I really need to go to the toilet anymore. Thanks for your help" she said. I said "no problem, and drove off. "Damn I'm 18 and I still stress talking to girls..." I thought to myself.

The end! Hope you enjoyed! Note that this story never happened irl, atleast to my knowledge. And did not actually happen to me. Hence why its in here.

