The Bladder Queen of House Dimitrescu

Author: Neoneva

*000*2024-07-10 19:23

There is a disappointing lack of omo content surrounding this beauty, so I would like to fix that.

This is my first time writing so don’t be afraid to give me any advice. Heads up this part is just setup so you can skip this chapter.

Prologue

A mother and her fetish

In a forgotten corner of Europe lies a village full of monsters with the most evil of all being a cult leader who goes by Mother Miranda, who has ruled this village for almost a hundred years, but overtime she grew bored and turned to masturbation to alleviate said boredom, unfortunately Mother Miranda could only satisfy her lust by watching her subjects humiliate themselves by holding their piss until their bladders couldn’t hold out anymore. This only brought her temporary satisfaction however, because the villagers could never hold an amount good enough for the horny tyrant, but the villagers wouldn’t be subjected to these displays for very long, because Mother Miranda got to making a family all of which would have bladders big enough to appease their creator.

Her creations took pride in their holding capabilities and they enjoyed wetting themselves for their mother, but their was one member of her family that never had one of these accidents, a daughter named Alcina Dimitrescu, Alcina didn’t know why she couldn’t have an accident but it wasn’t from a lack of trying in fact there wasn’t a day where her bladder wasn’t full, but no matter what she did all her piss stayed in her bladder until she had access to a proper bathroom.

At first Mother Miranda didn’t mind this strange ability her daughter had but as it became more apparent that Alcina was incapable of wetting herself she soon became fed up with her daughters “wonder bladder” as it would become to be known. Just like what happened with the villagers Mother Miranda would grow tired of her children’s accidents, and as the years went by Mother Miranda would be overtaken by lust since she was unable to satisfy her desires, while she could hide this fact from her family Mother Miranda knew she would soon go insane and become a freak driven by her desire to cum. Luckily she would be spared this fate when Her daughter who now went by Lady Dimitrescu at this point announced that she had a daughter who she named Bela. This announcement inspired Mother Miranda to try one final time to make her “Wonder Bladder” daughter finally have empty her bladder in somewhere that wasn’t a toilet, and cause Bela to suffer the same fate.

Chapter one coming out tomorrow

*001*2024-07-11 22:03

Chapter 1

A mother’s gamble

With Mother’s Miranda newfound conviction she quickly got to work coming up with a way to break her daughter’s bladder. This plan would take would take two years to complete which was a little too long for Mother Miranda but she needed to ensure that her gamble would pay off.

This brings us to the night before Mother Miranda will enact her plan.

”It’s finally complete, my wonder tonic is finally ready for use” Said Mother Miranda in a gleeful tone. “One sip would cause even my daughter and her pesky iron bladder to void all of its contents onto the floor, oh I can’t wait to see how humiliated she gets when she is gushing out a constant stream of piss all over the floor.” “No no I shouldn’t be saying these things before bed or else I’ll be too excited to sleep.”

Mother Miranda climbs into bed before quickly falling asleep and dreaming about the embarrassing fate of her daughter. All of this was unknown to Lady Dimitrescu who was currently peacefully asleep with a full bladder that she wrongly assumed would be empty before breakfast.

Monday 6:00 AM sharp, this was the time Lady Dimitrescu would wake up every week without fail and this was the time she would always relive herself without fail, until today when she was woken up by the ringing of her telephone she picked it up curious as to why she was getting a call this early. “Hello who might I be speaking to?”

Mother Miranda waited a second before answering ”Hello my dear I was wondering if you would like to join me for some tea”

”Some tea would be lovely mother, I will be at your castle in no less than ten minutes” Alcina answered back.

”Punctual as always my dear, I can’t wait to see you” with that Mother Miranda hung up the phone leaving a now confused Daughter and a bladder disappointed that it lost its opportunity to relive itself.

“Well I can ask Mother why she invited me for tea so early, but for now I better get ready”.

Ten minutes later and Alcina is right outside her mother’s personal chambers

”Come in” Mother Miranda said already knowing that her daughter was outside her door.

“Mother if you don’t mind me asking why did you invite me over this early?”

”Do I need a reason to talk to my precious daughter, I mean I haven’t really gotten a chance to talk to you after you adopted your now third child, what was her name again.”

”Daniela” Lady Dimitrescu answered quickly practically snapping at her mother.

”Is that any way to talk to your mother, I thought I raised better than that”

”I’m sorry mother, I’m just defensive about my daughters that’s all”

“I know it took you three weeks before I was allowed to see Bela” Mother Miranda chuckled at this memory. Before she could say something else one of Miranda’s servants rolled out a cart containing a beautiful glass tea set.

”Perfect timing, I was getting thirsty” Miranda said gleefully before pouring herself a cup of piping hot tea, lady Dimitrescu followed suit, she was about to take a sip before suddenly stopping.

“Is something wrong dear” said Mother Miranda faking concern

“This tea is spiked”

“What, who would do something like this” Mother Miranda said pretending to be panicked.

“Probably the same person who forced fed me hundreds of diuretics, I should have known you would do something like this.” Lady Dimitrescu got up and was about to leave but her mother said something that made her stop in her tracks.

“Well if you don’t want to participate, I can always make your daughters participate, after all I have been curious about how much pee they can hold before it just starts gushing out of them.”

“I will not let my daughters be subjected to one of your tests, so long as I live”!!!! Alcina yelled at her mother

”Well if you sit down and agree with what I’m about to tell you”

Wanting to spare her daughters from a humiliating fate Alcina begrudgingly sat back down.

”That’s my good girl, now if you want to spare your daughters from the same fate as your siblings you will agree to giving me full control of your bladder for one week as well as obeying my every whim during that time, drink your tea if you agree”

”If I let you do all of that, you’ll leave my daughters alone?”

“As your mother you have my word that your daughters will only know dry nickers.”

After getting her mother’s promise Lady Dimitrescu downed her tea in one gulp, wanting to seal the deal as quickly as possible.

End of chapter one

*004*2024-07-12 20:40

{{15 hours ago, Hankjones1738 said:

Cant wait for more of this i hope the daughters do get involved just because they made a deal it doesnt take into account that accidents happen and just suggesting something like some tea to help someone sleep isnt the person offering it fault if they wet the bed they had the choice to refuse getting in to such situations.

Keep up the good work i hope to see you have many stories to come.

First off thank you for your support I’m glad you’re enjoying the story, and second the daughters will be involved in the next chapter

}}

*005*2024-07-13 04:35

Chapter 2

A mother’s dedication

The spiked tea found itself in Alcina’s bladder rather quickly and while the diuretic would have been strong enough to put any human in a rather desperate situation it was barely noticeable to Lady Dimitrescu even with her incredibly full bladder.

”No offense mother but I remember your spiked tea being a lot more powerful”. Alcina said with an air of confidence

“I’m sorry dear but I’m not strong enough to handle the diuretics you’re used too, but if you want I can make some more tea that will be even more powerful than you remember, but first you’re gonna drink all of this tea I prepared”

Mother Miranda hands over her tea cup to her daughter who once again drank the whole thing in one gulp, with the two cups empty Alcina began working on the kettle, she would pour the tea out very slowly, but would drink the refilled cup with the speed of a cheetah.

Mother Miranda used this opportunity to use a magical ability unknown to even her family that she named bladder scan to get an idea of how much pee her daughters “Wonder Bladder” was holding, to her shock Lady Dimitrescu bladder was at 113% and rising, but yet Alcina showed no signs of needing to pee, despite the fact that her daughter was holding enough pee to fill up a swimming pool.

“Mother, you’re staring at me” Alcina said with a mix of confusion and annoyance

”My apologies, I’m simply at aww of your bladder”

”Everyone is even that idiot Heisenberg knows I can out hold him without even trying”

“Well I think you’ll find this a lot more challenging, especially since you’re not allowed to show even the smallest sign of desperation or leak even the tiniest drop and if you do either of those the deals off”

“Mother,Why would you just bring this up now if you don’t mind me asking” Lady Dimitrescu said shocked by this sudden addition to their agreement

“Because my dear I just thought of it at this very moment, now if you’ll please accompany me to the kitchen you’re tea should be waiting for you”

The two ladies made their way over to the dining room where the were met with a barrel

”Oh did I forget to tell you that all your drinks will be from barrels from now on” Miranda said amused by her own comment

”No it must have slipped your mind”

“Well I didn’t forget this” Mother Miranda pulled out a straw and placed it in her daughters hand

Lady Dimitrescu sighed “Let’s just get this over with” she then grabbed the barrel off the table and started drinking. True to her word Mother Miranda did add a lot more powerful diuretics. So powerful in fact that it felt like Lady Dimitrescu was drinking two barrels of tea at the same time.

Once again using bladder scan Mother Miranda saw that Alcina had a bladder that was 122% full and it wasn’t even 7:00, at this rate her bladder would be at 200% before lunch. This is perfect Mother Miranda thought to herself if I keep filling her up like this she’ll by flooding her knickers before dinner.

5 minutes have passed and the barrel has been emptied so thoroughly that there’s not even a drop of liquid left.

”Very impressive, you’re making your mother so proud, but I still have a lot more tea for you to drink”

“How much tea exactly Mother?” Alcina said with a curious expression.

”I think it would be better if I showed you” Miranda made a motion with her hand signaling her daughter to follow her. Alcina followed her mother into the kitchen which had its whole floor covered in barrels.

“There is exactly 30 barrels in here and I need all of them empty in twenty minutes, if you fail you’ll be forced to drink double the amount of liquids for the rest of the week” Mother Miranda said in such a serious tone that it frightened Lady Dimitrescu

”I understand mother” Was the last thing Lady D said before dashing for the first barrel she saw. She drank it at a lightning pace she was determined to drink as many barrels as fast as she could before the weight in her bladder slowed her down.

Speaking of her bladder it was definitely not happy being force-fed so many liquids, although it hasn’t been happy since the phone call that brought its owner into this mess. Lady D’s bladder has been sending countless spasms all in an attempt to have her do just the slightest thing to just alleviate some of the pressure, but thanks to Mother Miranda’s last second addition Alcina’s bladder will be tasked with holding an inhuman amount of piss virtually by itself.

Alcina despite the pain her overfilled organ was causing her was actually making a great amount of progress in only three minutes she has emptied 5 barrels, but Lady D knew that she couldn’t keep up this pace for very long, the sheer of tea she was consuming was making her body move at increasing slower rates and she was starting to feel sick. Ten barrels, ten barrels she kept thinking to herself ten barrels and I can take a break, every sip she took she would keep repeating ten barrels over and over, until Alcina would empty out her tenth barrel now that she cleaned out 1/3 of the barrels with 12 minutes to spare, Lady Dimitrescu was about to take a one minute breather when her mother shouted “No breaks all that floor is 100% barrel free”

Not wanting to anger her mother further poor little Alcina went back to her drinking, not noticing that Mother Miranda left the dining room to talk to three very important guests.

”Hello girls,I’ve been dying to meet you” Mother Miranda said in a sweet voice and wearing a bright smile to match.

Three girls stood in a row directly facing Mother Miranda

The first had blonde hair, which was different from the other two that had dark gray hair, but besides that they are virtually the same with long black dresses and blood all around their mouths, but the most important thing about them is that they’re the daughters that Alcina is trying so hard to protect.

“Where is mother” Said the blonde

“She’s in the kitchen, helping me with an experiment” Mother Miranda answered back”

”Does the experiment involve blood!!” Said the one on far end

”No but there is a different liquid involved” Mother Miranda answered

“What do you mean a different liquid?” Said the one in the middle

“Well you see I’m something of a biologist and one thing I specialize in is urine and the bladder and specifically how much urine a bladder can hold

“And what does that have to do with our mother” The blonde say unamused with Miranda’s answer

“Simple I have no idea what your mother’s maximum capacity is so she kindly agreed to help me out, speaking of which I haven’t been able to measure your bladders

“We’re okay” the daughters on the right and middle said in unison

“Sounds fun” The one on the left said

“Are you two sure you don’t want to participate, I think you mother would be proud of you if you did”

”Really” the two hesitant daughters once again said in unison

”Oh yes, you mother is very obsessed with being a true lady, and a proper lady must be able to go a very long time with using the facilities”.

The middle one spoke “If it will make mother happy I’ll be more than happy to participate”

”I’m only doing this for mother” said the blonde

“You two made the right choice, now follow me your mother will be so happy to see you three”

When the group of four walk in the dining room they see a mess of barrels and a sickly looking Dimitrescu sitting on one of the chairs

End of chapter 2

*006*2024-07-15 21:38

Chapter three

A mother’s thirst

The group of four rushed over to the sickly Alcina who was experiencing an intense stomach pain from the absurd amount of liquids she just consumed.

”Mother!!!” The three daughters said in unison

“What’s wrong”

“Are you sick”

”Are you going to be okay” The daughters said in quick succession

“Girls you have nothing to worry about, you’re precious mother will be perfectly okay or she will be once I give her this” Mother Miranda pulls out a mysterious pill and gives it to her daughter”

”Are you feeling better my dear”

”W-Water” Was all her daughter was able to say before grabbing her throat to emphasize how much she needed a drink

”Bela can you be a dear and fill up one of these barrels with some water”

”The Blonde quickly grabbed a barrel and ran into the kitchen”

“You too should probably join your sister, your moms thirst will not be quenched with just one barrel”

The other two quickly followed their sister giving mother Miranda the perfect opportunity to once again scan her daughter’s bladder.

”Now my dear let’s see how your bladder’s doing after all that teaaa” Mother Miranda was overjoyed to see that her daughter’s bladder was already at 205%

”I wonder what happens if I do this” Miranda quickly pressed down on Alcina’s bladder making it jump to a 210%

“Very interesting” Was all Mother Miranda had to say

Lady Dimitrescu’s thirst was so intense that she didn’t even realize Mother Miranda was still here. Every second was hell it was like Lady Dimitrescu had a desert for a mouth, it was barely minute after swallowing the pill before she couldn’t take it anymore and sprung up from her chair and ran into the kitchen with the speed of a gazelle.

”Mother that is no way for a lady to behave” Was the first thing Miranda heard as she made her way into the kitchen. When she opened the door she was greeted by a sight that she would remember for the rest of her life. Her daughter had her mouth on a faucet over the sink with one of her granddaughters trying to pull her away with the other two either being confused about this current situation or finding it hilarious

”Haha hey Bela you should see how dumb you look

”Shut up Daniela at least I’m trying to help instead of doing nothing”

“Hey laughing is doing something, unlike little miss tomato over there” Daniela said and then pointed to her sister Cassandra

”Well I would like help Bela but I don’t think her plan will work” Said Cassandra

Bela (The blonde) was upset by her sister’s comment and in response she said “Maybe what I’m trying to do would work if I had some help”

Mother Miranda grew tired of these antics and decided to take action. She quickly sprouted some black wings and yelled

“Silence”

Everyone stopped immediately and turned to face Mother Miranda waiting to see what she does next

“You should be ashamed of yourselves, behaving in such a manner, especially you” She said pointing at her daughter

“I trusted you to raise these children on your own because I thought you would turn them into proper ladies, but from what I’ve seen that isn’t true at all, and I don’t even know why I thought that when you can’t even bare something as small as a dry throat”

”All four of you will be punished for your behavior, now you three finish filling up those barrels and Alcina you and I will wait at the dining table like proper ladies”

Walking out the mother and daughter were greeted by the chefs and their soon to be breakfast

“I hope those three won’t bother you” Was all Mother Miranda said before leaving with her daughter

By now it was 7:30 and Mother Miranda just realized that she failed to relieve herself Last night and while it wasn’t anything to worry about she didn’t want her bladder nagging her especially with how much liquid she was going to be around today. If she didn’t have her daughter here she would’ve made a quick stop at her private lavatory, but Mother Miranda would never excuse herself to empty her bladder because that would be unladylike and Mother Miranda was a lady to a fault.

By 7:50 the three daughters returned with their full barrels

“Excellent girls, but don’t let your mother drink anything yet I need grab a special ingredient” Mother Miranda quickly entered the kitchen leaving the three girls to fend off their mother who was currently licking her lips waiting to consume her cold and refreshing salvation, luckily Alcina remained seated this time as the eagerly awaited her mother’s return.

“I hope I didn’t keep you waiting” Said Mother Miranda who was now holding nine bottles of diuretics that she designed specifically for her children and their bladders

”What are those” Asked a curious Daniela

“Oh just something to add a little kick to the water” Mother Miranda said before adding the first bottle to barrel.

End of chapter three

*007*2024-07-17 22:16

Chapter four

A mother’s punishment

(This chapter contains a brief mention of cannibalism)

”And that is the last of the diuretics, drink up now dearie” Said Mother Miranda in a very cheerful tone

Alcina despite her intense thirst slowly walked to her cold salvation not wanting to give her or her daughters an extra punishment

“Umm Mother Miranda why did you add so many diuretics to her drinks isn’t that a little unfair” Said Cassandra

Mother Miranda was amused by her comment even letting out a small laugh

“My dear your mother has a bladder that is so unfathomably large that the villagers don’t even believe she even has one, my experiment would be ruined if I didn’t go all out, did that answer your question dear?”

”It very much did ma’am”

“Good, now if you don’t mind I would like to discuss your bladders and what I expect from them”

“And what are those expectations if I may ask” Asked a concerned Cassandra

“Quite simple, my dear I want the three of you to be able to hold in ten liters of pee or more, failure to do so will require in an extra punishment for your mother”

“Why our mother shouldn’t we be punished for our failure” Asked Bela sternly

“Because your weak bladders would be caused by your mother not caring enough to train you”

“I’m sure our mother has a better reason than that she just didn’t care”

“Well you’re more than happy to ask her after breakfast, which should be ready in a few minutes”

”Oh I can’t wait to taste this one” Said an impassioned Daniela

“Yeah me too” Said a less enthusiastic Cassandra

The kitchen staff bring out the latest victim of the Dimitrescu family but more importantly they bring out five barrels of assorted drinks

Alcina grabbed the first one but after taking the first sip she felt very disappointed

“Oh it’s tea”

“Is there a problem with tea my dear”

”Well normally I wouldn’t but after thirty barrels of the stuff you get pretty tired of it”

“Well after this one you’ll never drink tea for the rest of the week”

Alcina powered through the rest of the barrel eager to see what her next drink will be, at the same time her daughters were having their cups constantly refilled not knowing when Mother Miranda will end this liquid onslaught, mother Miranda herself would drink an entire pot of tea and she treated herself to a cup of wine, which did not make her bladder happy but she simply ignored her bladders signs as she ate and watched her daughter drink her second barrel, which consisted of milk that cows produced that very day, and like everything Lady Dimitrescu drank that day it was full of diuretics of the strongest caliber.

Eventually the ladies would finish eating and but that doesn’t mean this meal was over, no because Lady Dimitrescu still had three mystery barrels left, and Mother Miranda would not let anyone leave the table until her daughter was done.

Unfortunately all the juice Alcina’s daughters drank found it’s way into their bladders, and the three were terrified they were not used drinking so much especially in such a small timeframe and to make things worse if they attempted to hold themselves they would be scolded and their mother would have to bear another punishment.

End of chapter four.

*010*2024-07-18 22:01

Chapter five

A mother reveals her powers

8:30 AM

There was a long silence at the table, which was the perfect opportunity for Mother Miranda to once again use her bladder scan ability but this time on the three girls with Daniela being the most desperate at 69% Cassandra in the middle at 45% and Bela in last place at 31%, in the meantime Alcina was finally finished with the milk, tossing the now empty barrel aside Lady D was happy to taste the next one she took one sip and was so disgusted she had to force herself to swallow.

“Is everything alright mother” Asked Bela

”Oh yes everything is just peachy, I’m just not a fan of coffee is all”

“Well Mother can you please try to drink it quickly” Urged Daniela

”I can do my best” Was all Alcina said before trying to gulp down the disgusting drink.

Even though Daniela knew that her mother was trying to speed up she still wished that she would drink faster. Daniela urgently needed to relieve herself even though she was holding no where near ten liters she was hoping Mother Miranda would be somewhat sympathetic and let her empty her bladder now and try again tomorrow.

”Excuse me Daniela was it I couldn’t help but notice that you’re awfully quiet, I mean you were so energetic a few moments ago” Said Mother Miranda

“O-oh I h-hadn’t noticed” Daniela stammered not expecting to be put on the spot

“I hope that stutter isn’t because you’re afraid of me” Mother Miranda said in response

“Oh that’s definitely not the reason Mother Miranda”

”Well the only other possibility is that you need to-“

Daniela was about to say something when suddenly her mind was filled with the sounds of someone relieving themselves and images of waterfalls, she had no idea why but she was so shocked that her bladder let out a little leak causing Daniela to grab herself.

”Daniela what are you doing” Said Alcina taking a break from the coffee

“I’m sorry Mother, I just really need to pee and I just started thinking of water all of a sudden and oh no no I just leaked again, can you please finish drinking so I can go”

Lady Dimitrescu was embarrassed to hear that from her daughter but not wanting Daniela to have an accident she quickly went back to drinking, gulping down the rest of the coffee and swiftly moving on to the fourth barrel which was freshly squeezed orange juice.

Mother Miranda began scolding Daniela for her poor performance especially leaking when her bladder wasn’t close to bursting. But all Daniela could hear was the sound of someone’s stream which she swears is getting louder and louder with each passing minute.

“Don’t pee don’t pee You can hold it” Daniela has been chanting these words ever since she told her mother about her situation, Daniela didn’t know if they were helping but she wasn’t going to risk it.

”Last barrel and then I’ll get you to a bathroom sweetheart” Lady Dimitrescu started slurping down the apple juice that was in the in the fifth and final barrel. Alcina drank the barrel in a staggering 30 seconds, she quickly got out of her chair eager to get her daughter to a washroom but she was stopped by Mother Miranda

“Mother what is the meaning of this”Asked Alcina sternly

“My dear daughter you are blinded by your admiration for your children, you see bathrooms are only for proper ladies and your precious Daniela’s display shows that she isn’t proper, why even a chamber pot is too good for her”

”But Mother-“

”Do you dare disobey your own mother”

“No Mother Miranda”

”I’m glad you know your place, now go sit back down and enjoy the show”

”Daniela now had her legs crossed tighter than a pretzel but it still wasn’t enough, Daniela has let out so many spurts that her underwear is so soaked with pee that it started leaking onto the chair, her sisters turned away trying to save some of Daniela’s dignity, Alcina hated seeing her daughter in this position and she tried to encourage her to keep holding, but they both knew that her bladder was going to give out soon, Mother Miranda was the only one happy to see Daniela in such a state, she slipped one hand under the table and started touching herself to the bursting beauty

Daniela was able to last another another minute but no matter how much she squirmed or squeezed herself she couldn’t keep the floodgates closed she let out a soft “Oh no” before her piss erupted out of her urethra forming a puddle on the chair and before pooling around her on the floor below, she wiped the pee off her hands and used them to cover her face as cried while she pissed out two liters worth of pee, Daniela was ashamed of herself she never even leaked before today and now she was emptying herself in front of her mother and the most powerful woman in the village. Daniela’s stream went on for an impressive five minutes but as soon as it was over she ran off with her mother not far behind, While the remaining two sisters followed Mother Miranda into the living room.

End of chapter five

*012*2024-07-25 21:14

{{16 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

Interesting.. I want to know who ran after Daniela? Was it Lady D or Miranda? Slightly confused here

}}

Lady D sorry for the confusion

Sorry for the lack of updates I’ve been spending a lot of time with family, but chapter six is in the works

{{16 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

Interesting.. I want to know who ran after Daniela? Was it Lady D or Miranda? Slightly confused here

}}

It is such an honor to have you comment

*013*2024-07-30 20:12

{{On 7/18/2024 at 12:58 PM, omocollegegirl said:

How did you get the name just curious. is it a portmanteau of Dmitri and Ceausescu

}}

I honestly have no idea I’ve never even played the game

*014*2024-07-31 15:38

Chapter six

A mother has a conversation

“Daniela please slow down I just want to talk”

“Just leave me alone” Daniela snapped back

“what happened wasn’t Your fault”

Daniela stopped and turned around, “Yes it is if I had better control I wouldn’t have had an accident In front of not only my mother but the most powerful woman in the village.

“My dear it doesn’t matter how much control you have mother Miranda will fill your bladder to its limit, no one has been able to avoid wetting themselves”

“Does that include you”Daniela said, Alcina just stood there silently wishing she could say yes

“That’s what I thought, I’m your daughter I should have a bladder that can rival yours instead a few glasses of juice can make me burst

“Daniela my bladder is only this strong because I love the feeling I get from a full bladder” Alcina’s cheeks grew red with embarrassment after she realized what she just said.

“You enjoy holding in your pee?” Said Daniela surprised at her mother’s revelation

“I suppose there is no reason to hide it, I don’t just enjoy holding it, I live for it to me there is no better feeling than a full bladder” Alcina said gleefully

Daniela hesitated for a moment before running to hug her mother

“I had no idea you were so depraved, who knew the matriarch of house Dimitrescu gets aroused by filling up her bladder like a balloon, I bet you would love it if I did this” Daniela squeezed her mom’s bladder with so much strength that she could kill human

“Daniela are you trying to make me have an accident” Alcina said sternly

“Of course not mother” Daniela said apologetically

“Good because if you were, you’re going to have to try harder than that, now let’s go get you cleaned up”

Daniela was shocked by this she was sure a hug that strong would make her mother’s floodgates burst open but it appears that her attempt didn’t even phase her. The bear hug went on for a solid minute with both participants seemingly forgetting about the accident that just occurred, but Alcina knew this hug couldn’t last.

“Sweetie can you please let go now”

“Why are you afraid you’re going to piss yourself if I don’t let go”

“No it’s just that we’re a little awhile away from your chamber and this is a very awkward position to be in, also don’t think so lowly of your mother, you could have me in this position all day and I wouldn’t think of using a washroom”

“I suppose that’s true” Daniela let’s go of her mother and continues walking towards Castle Dimitrescu with Alcina right beside her

“Mother are you sure you should be accompanying me, I don’t think Mother Miranda would appreciate having her test subject being away from her”

“What do you mean test subject?” Alcina asked

“Did you forget your agreement already, you gave Mother Miranda complete control of your bladder for the whole week so she can finally measure your maximum capacity”

“So she’s still using that excuse” Alcina retorted

“What do you mean by excuse mother?”Daniela asked curiously

“I probably should have told you this sooner but Mother Miranda has a fetish for making people have accidents in front of her, and the only reason I agreed to this is so my daughters won’t have to suffer the same fate, but it appears that I was not successful”After saying that Alcina went pale

“I’m sorry Daniela but I must return to mother Miranda, I completely forgot about your sisters” Alcina then turned around and made her return to Miranda’s castle with Daniela continuing her journey to Castle Dimitrescu. Luckily Alcina was still in walking distance of the castle so she was able to arrive fairly quickly. Alcina made her way up the steps of the castle she was about to knock on the door but before she was able to the door was opened by one of Miranda’s servants

“Please follow me” Was all the servant said

Alcina did as commanded and the two soon arrived at the entrance to the living room where she immediately noticed her daughters sitting on a couch. Lady D was worried that Miranda would have done something to them but she was relieved when she noticed that there weren’t any cups near by, her daughters were safe for now

Mother Miranda rose from her chair and approached her daughter

“Hello dear, how is your daughter doing, Daniela I think it was.”

“Daniela is doing better, she stopped crying, but she needs some time to herself, now tell me how are my other daughters doing” Alcina asked getting straight to the point

“Oh they’re doing just fine, we were just talking about Daniela’s poor performance earlier today” Miranda responded

“I think she performed just fine, given the circumstances” Alcina said with a hint of anger

“My dear what I put your daughter through couldn’t hold a candle to even what I made you go through for your first hold, 20 liters I made you drink that day and you didn’t even sweat, but Daniela on the other hand 2 liters and some water sounds, and she just lost control right there, even my lowest of creations can hold up to 10 liters”

“Well I didn’t have my daughters because I want them to have bladders that can hold days worth of urine!!”

“Oh it appears I’ve made you lose control of anger, hopefully that’s the only thing you lose control of” Miranda said with a sly tone

“Mother Miranda I’m the last person you need to worry about losing control, if I want to keep something in my bladder it’s going to stay in my bladder unless I want it out” Lady Dimitrescu said confidently

“We’ll just see about that” Was Miranda’s response

“I guess we will”

“I hate to interrupt but Mother Miranda said she had an important announcement for the three of us” Bela said

“Yes I did have an announcement to make, thank you for reminding me dear” Mother Miranda said before sitting back down “I have decided to make both you and your sister drink the remaining eight liters you owe me right now, and instead of measuring your capacities it will now be a contest to see which of my granddaughters is a proper lady”

This announcement shocked Bela and Cassandra and infuriated their mother.

*016*2024-08-01 21:15

{{1 hour ago, wedgeantilles said:

Great to read another chapter, thank you!

}}

You’re welcome Mr.Antilles (You were always one of my favorite characters)

