The New Deterrent

Author: nononono

*000*2021-04-07 21:48

Chapter I - The Takeover

Kayla-098 clutched onto her hat as a gust of wind threatened to blow it into the Thames. The weather was the same as everyday - grey, cold, and windy. On the other side of the street stood the ruins of the Houses of Parliament, serving as a reminder of what came before The Takeover. The year was 3022 in old money, and 3 ATT (After The Takeover). Or Three Years, Nine Months, Three Days, Twelve Hours, and Twenty Seven Minutes, to be exact. The Takeover promised so much; everlasting peace, jobs for everyone, homes for everyone, but it very quickly became clear that it was all lies. Kayla-098 glanced at her watch, biting her lip ever so slightly. Three Hours, Ten Minutes and Seven Seconds to go.

A little bit about Kayla-098. Born Kayla McKenzie, she was given her new name Kayla-098 on the eve of The Takeover. Apparently numerical surnames made it easier to monitor them. She had long deep purple hair, deep blue eyes which looked how the ocean used to, and a tall, slim figure which won her many admirers. Before The Takeover, she was on course to graduate from university, and had the whole world ahead of her. However the universities had long since closed, and her life of studying, partying and travelling was replaced by one where she spent most of her time in a cold warehouse, doing whatever menial tasks The Leaders require of them. There was one thing as well: Kayla-098 was a criminal. It's important to note that telling someone you're a criminal in 3 ATT is a bit like telling someone you're a vegetarian in 2022. People might show a bit of an interest, but ultimately, it's not that much of a big deal. Her crime, however, was a constant source of embarrassment for her.

Two Years, Three Months and Twenty Six Days Earlier

Kayla-098 was on the bus home. It was Friday, the one day the mangy pub next to the warehouse was allowed to open, so she'd had a few drinks with some friends. Every worker got three tokens for a Friday evening pub trip, a pint of lager cost one token, and so did use of the toilets. Most people would use two tokens for drinks, and then use one token to use the toilet at the end of the night. However, Kayla-098 had had a particularly hard day, and decided she needed that third pint, a decision she bitterly regretted on an icy cold bus with a bladder about to burst.

"Just five more stops, five more stops," she whispered to herself, crossing her legs for dear life.

"I told you to go in the pub, that third pint is never worth it." Her (now-ex) boyfriend, Rob-142 with helpful advice.

"I'll be fine, I'm a big girl," Kayla-098 replied through gritted teeth.

But she didn't really believe that. She was absolutely desperate for relief, now having to hold herself through her light blue overalls. It reminded her of a similar situation during her university years, where she had to do an emergency wee in an empty McDonalds cup on the top floor of the 976 bus. However she couldn't risk the possible consequences being caught urinating in public. And they would catch her. They always catch the law breakers.

There was a toilet on the bus, but like all public toilets in the country, they cost one token to use. And with pickpocketing rife across London, nobody ever carried more tokens than they needed with them. Neither Kayla-098 or Rob-142 had any left over. Nonetheless, the situation was dire enough that Kayla-098 was willing to risk humiliating herself to get an extra token.

"Hi excuse me?" Kayla-098 nudged the only other person on the top floor of the bus. "I'm so sorry to bother you, but you don't happen to have a spare token? I'm bursting for the loo, and don't think I can hold it until I get home." She dug her hands into her crotch again, partially because she wanted to emphasise her point, and partially because she felt a trickle of urine leak out of her swollen bladder.

"Who the fuck do you think you are? I'm not giving up my last token so some fucking whore can go for a piss. Fucking beggars," the man spoke with a thick Scottish accent.

Normally Kayla-098 would have responded to that, but if her mind stopped focussing on her bladder for a second, she would surely wet herself. Instead, she went and sat back down in silence, praying that the bus would speed up. By the time the bus stopped near Kayla-098's flat, she was ready to explode. The bus driver gave the couple an odd look as she gingerly exited, hands now buried in her crotch, now visibly wet with pee.

"She used her third token on an extra beer," Rob-142 explained.

"Don't care," replied the bus driver, as he closed the doors and carried on her way.

The walk back to their flat was a few streets away, and Kayla-098 was in agony. She had two options: either wet herself completely, and pay the two tokens needed to wash her overalls. But she needed those tokens to do a food shop tomorrow, and she hadn't eaten properly in a week. Or she could find a dark alley, and risk being fined for public urination. A long spurt of wee leaked out, and she knew that if she was going to save her overalls, she needed to act fast.

"I can't hold it, I'm so fucking bursting. You need to help me get these off," Kayla-098 cried, as she darted into an alleyway that was allegedly not monitored by The Leaders. Rob-142 for once didn't have a sarcastic comment, and helped her unzip her overalls. Now just stood in her purple knickers and bra, she dramatically wet herself, as pee exploded out of her urethra. God, it felt so good, as all the pressure in her bladder slowly subsided.

Were she not petrified of getting arrested, she would have touched right there and then. Rob-142 watched on in disgust as three pints of beer, plus her afternoon coffee flooded the fabric of her knickers. Finally, after what felt like ten minutes, the waterfall subsided to a trickle, and her bladder was empty. As quick as she could, she pulled down her knickers and disposed of them in the bin next to them, and put her slightly piss stained overalls back on. She'd have to smell slightly of wee until laundry day, but it could have been so much worse.

Two Years, Three Months and Twenty Six Days Later

One of the new rules implemented by The Leaders was a like-for-like justice system. So if you killed someone, you were executed, if you stole, they stole something from you. The same went for relatively low level crimes such as public urination. As you have probably worked out, Kayla-098 didn't get away with her public urination. When the bins were inspected the next day, they found her piss-soaked knickers, and matched them to the urine sample she was forced to give on her first day at the warehouse. The punishment for public urination is a limit is placed on the number of times you can relieve yourself a day. That limit is twice. It should be noted that public urination is considered a minor offence, so the punishment is only in place for a week.

However I'm not sure if you've ever tried to limit yourself to two bathroom trips a day, but it's pretty near impossible. Especially as it was warehouse policy to have mandatory water breaks every hour, to ensure workers stayed hydrated. And so Kayla-098 lived in this hellish world where her bladder constantly ached, and she constantly found herself having to go for a piss in public, thereby restarting her week's punishment every time. She'd tried everything, from trying to avoid the rehydration breaks to finding supposed black spots which weren't monitored to relieve herself in. But they always found out, and Kayla-098 was back at square one. And yet now she was Three Hours, Eight Minutes and Thirty-Six Seconds away from being free of this hellish ordeal. Somehow for the past six days, she'd managed to keep within the two-pee-a-day limit.

Everyday this week, she'd go to the loo at 7am, usually having spent the three hours wide awake lying in bed crying about the pain in her bladder. She'd go to the warehouse, try and drink as little as possible during the rehydration breaks, then get the bus home, clenching everything every time she heard the bus toilet flush. She'd get home at about 5pm, lie on the sofa with her hands stuffed in her crotch for two hours, then relieve herself once more, and try to enjoy the rest of her evening pain free. She was determined she'd make it this time. There was just one problem: Kayla-098 was on the verge of wetting herself once more.

*001*2021-04-08 00:01

Chapter II - An Injustice

She was one hour away. One hour away from being able to go to the pub on a Friday again. One hour away from being able to have a full night's sleep without worrying if her bladder was going to explode. One hour away from being able to have an active sex life once more. Believe it or not, your desire to get fucked goes away when you spent most of your life inflated to the brim with piss. The only sexual pleasure Kayla-098 gets nowadays is the post-urination wank, which to be fair, is usually intense and amazing. Rob-142 dumped her about three days after she was sentenced, the final straw being when she accidentally wet their bed at 3am. Kayla-098 could barely uphold a friendship, let alone a relationship.

You may be wondering why Kayla-098 can't just continue peeing as normal, if her punishment never gets increased anyway. People who are serving a sentence have very limited rights. She gets just one token a day for a some bread and water, cannot progress to a nicer line of work, and has to live in the bare minimum level of accommodation, which consists of a single bed, a toilet, a sink and a shower. No TV, no storage space, no books. Quite simply, no quality of life whatsoever.

Kayla-098 was sat on the bus bursting for the loo, just as she was on the fateful day when her sentence was issued. The Takeover had promise to abolish prisons, but the alternative was so much worse. She'd sooner have done five years at an old fashioned maximum security prison than two years of the sad sentence she'd had imposed instead. This punishment was inhumane, and certainly didn't fit the crime. Before The Takeover, all of her university friends had been guilty of doing a wee in public. One of her friends had even been caught by a police officer, who then pretended he didn't see it.

She often wondered what they were up to - online communication for non-work purposes was also prohibited while she served her sentence. Who knows, maybe they all got done for pissing in public too. Tina-073's bladder was tiny, so very possible. She longed to speak to someone outside that drab warehouse. There was nothing in the rules against talking to someone on the bus technically, but her bladder was usually so full by then, that she could only focus on holding it.

The minutes passed by like hours, as Kayla-098 felt the familiar feeling of being absolutely at her limit. Most people on the bus knew her predicament, and either didn't care, or actively avoided her, not wanting to get drenched by the pee desperate to escape her body. She'd made a tally of the number of different ways she'd broken her sentence. She'd wet herself on the bus 73 times, wet the bed 93 times, been caught using the toilet on a third separate occasion 24 times, wet herself at work 9 times, and wet herself between the bus and her house 5 times. Of course, she was only entitled to one free wash a week too as well, and was only allowed one set of overalls, so more often than not, she went in to work stinking of piss. She was broken from her trance by an elderly man trying to get her attention.

"Excuse me, you're obviously pretty desperate for the toilet, do you want my last token?" the white haired man kindly offered. He must have noticed her whispering to herself with her legs tightly crossed, which seemed to be her default position.

Kayla-098 was taken aback: kindness isn't really something you see that much these days. "Oh... thank you so much... but I'm only allowed to relieve myself twice every 24 hours, and I already went yesterday evening and this morning." The man looked puzzled. "Public urination charge... but I only have to hold for..." she checked her watch "48 more minutes, and then I'm finally free."

The man nodded, "Good luck to you, you can do it!" Kayla-098 really didn't know if she could. The last few speed bumps definitely caused a bit of leakage, and she knew that the full blown tsunami was normally not far behind that stage. A blonde haired woman walked towards Kayla-098, smirking, and crossing her legs in faux desperation. It was Xena-323, her colleague from the warehouse, and all-round bitch. She knew about Kayla-098's sentence, and would often try and make her wet herself, whether that be by pouring water loudly near her in the office, or one time, she even put a diuretic in her drink.

"Oh my God, I am absolutely bursting for a wee, so glad I'm allowed to go whenever I want," she winked at Kayla-098 as she entered the bathroom, which was unfortunately within earshot. Kayla-098 winced and held everything as she heard Xena-323 empty her bladder, with a comically loud hiss, and an equally noisy moan of relief. She must have genuinely been desperate, as the piss went on for about a minute, although it felt like days for Kayla-098. After washing her hands for another minute, Xena-323 exited the bathroom sighing, "Thank fuck for that. Was seconds away from pissing myself then. Don't want to smell like Kayla do I?" Kayla-098 was far too close to freedom to give her the reaction she was looking for. She just had to hold it another 45 minutes.

As the bus finally pulled into her stop, Kayla-098 was at bursting point. So desperate, she couldn't even speak. As she stood up, she felt as though a bowling ball had been dropped on her abdomen, and it took every bit of willpower to hold it. She had twenty minutes left, and then she'd be free of this stupid sentence. It's funny, after having to hold her pee up to the point of bladder explosion every day, she had built up a certain level of holding power. She reckoned that if the events of the three-pint night happened again, she'd have been able to make it home, and hold it for an extra five hours before she simply couldn't put it off any longer.

At the time of the offence, she considered herself at an absolute ten, can't hold it for a second longer on the desperation scale. Now, she'd consider that feeling as a four at most. But she was certainly at a ten at the moment. She could barely move, so full was her bladder. She thought of the fuckers who did this to her. She longed to get her revenge on them. And as soon as the sentence was over, she would. She wanted to torture every last one of The Leaders, in the same way they tortured her for Two Years, Three Months and Twenty Six Days. She wanted to watch them writhe in agony as their bladder's twinged for the 400th time that day. She wanted them to have to spent their life alternating between extreme thirst and extreme desperation. But more than all of that, she want to release the explosion mounting inside of her.

Her resolve was slipping slowly. Every thirty seconds or so, a little more pee leaked. The Leaders never seemed to fuss over a bit of leakage, it was when those leaks became a steady stream that this became a problem for them. After the slowest walk home ever, she finally had the key in the door. You know how when you come home from work bursting for the toilet, it's always ten times worse when you're at your front door... well imagine how Kayla-098 felt, having already surpassed any experience of desperation anyone else has felt.

A three second trickle leaked out, and Kayla-098 collapsed to the ground, clenching everything once more. She needed to get inside the house. Making it through the next five minutes would be irrelevant if she then wets herself on the doorstep; she wasn't sure if this would still count as public urination, but she didn't want to chance it. She knew she'd wet herself if she stood up, so she reached up to turn the key, and managed to turn the handle. She crawled inside the house, pushing the door shut behind her. She was in private now, she only had to hold it another four minutes.

6:59pm. She was onto the last minute. Without fail, this was always the most painful minute of the day. The spurts were now every ten seconds or so, and her panties were soaked with hot pee. She'd tried to take her overalls off so she at least wouldn't have to soak them with pee again, but bending was just too painful. She simply couldn't move from her position, lying on her side, hands digging into her vagina, physically holding her piss in. If she let go of her pussy for even a second, it would be game over. Thirty seconds to go. She was going to make it, she thought, as another long spurt of wee escaped her body. No, mustn't get complacent. No point wetting myself twenty seconds before freedom. Just hold through the next few seconds.

The pain was so intense, Kayla-098 wanted to scream, she felt as though she was going to pass out. Her body was truly at its limit, as her bladder made her appear as though she was pregnant with triplets. Five seconds to go, and Kayla-098's bladder could hold no more. Urine cascaded from her urethra, absolutely drenching her blue overalls. She burst into tears of joy, as her suffering was over. Her life could begin once more. Her bladder slowly deflated, as she lay there in tears, covered in her own wee. After about two minutes, she was empty. Standing up, she removed her drenched overalls, and stripped down until she was completely naked. As she moved her fingers towards her pussy in what had become her daily ritual, her watch notified her of an incoming email. Finally, confirmation my sentence is over! Kayla-098 thought to herself. Opening up the message, she became numb with shock. She didn't know how to react, whether to scream, cry or jump in front of a bus.

Dear Kayla-098

It has been brought to our attention that you relieved your bladder at 18:59 today. As you had previously relieved yourself at 7:01 and 19:00 the previous day, I regret to inform you that you have urinated three times within twenty four hours, thus violating your sentence. Your sentence will therefore be restarted for the following seven days, effective from 19:05 today.

Kind regards,

The Department of Justice

Kayla-098 burst into hysterical tears, as her freedom was cruelly snatched away from her, no doubt because she started peeing five seconds early. The evening would be long and painful, but Kayla-098 knew one thing: The Leaders had to pay.

*003*2021-04-09 00:02

Chapter III - The New Recruit

One Year, Six Months and Five Days earlier

It normally took Zagartha one and a half glasses of wine before she loosened up. A studious and quite reserved 27-year old of Indian descent, perhaps that's how she managed to be one of the few chosen by The Leaders to join the inner ring. Her first class degree in law from the University of Oxford certainly helped as well, and whilst her meteoric rise had been interrupted by The Takeover, she had been handpicked to join The Department of Justice as a legal advisor.

After a rigorous first year, she was now officially trusted by The Leaders to remain in the inner ring, and had finally been invited to their weekly Friday lunch, held on the top floor of what used to be Big Ben. A waiter came round and offered her a third glass of red. Why not, she thought. Everyone else here is getting pissed. However, very aware they had an important meeting straight after, she made sure to have a sip of water too. One sip of water for every sip of alcohol, that was the advice her mum always used to give her. Maybe now she's trusted, they'll let her speak to her mum again.

The Leaders are made up of ten figures, born with the sole purpose of creating a perfect society. Each was responsible for their own department: justice, environment, order, money, health, technology, surveillance, accommodation, religion, and recreation. And each Leader was responsible for picking five members to join each department, almost like an internship. The testing year was rigorous, Zagartha was often forced to go without sleeping, eating or using the bathroom for hours at a time. Contact with outside was absolutely forbidden, so she had no idea how her mum or girlfriend were getting on. She missed Alina-382 more than anybody. She often wondered if she'd found someone new. She hoped not. But the rewards for being a full time member of the inner ring were massive. Five days of hard work, followed by two days of pure hedonism. All the sex, drugs and alcohol she could possibly want. And Alina-382 could share it with her if she wanted to.

An hour passed, and she'd found herself stuck in a tedious conversation with Jared, one of the fellow chosen ones from the Department of Accomodation. Pretty sure he wants to fuck me, she thought. He'll be disappointed when he realises. Zagartha glanced over at the queue for the ladies room; fifteen of the 'interns' decided they all needed to pee at exactly the same time. Guess I'll have to hold it a bit longer, not like I'm not used to that already. Zagartha always prided herself on having an immense bladder. She used to work in the library for hours on end without using the loo whilst she was at uni, and would only go when the need became too distracting. Nonetheless, she could really do with a wee.

The queue subsided, and the conversation with Jared fizzled out, so Zagartha saw a perfect opportunity to excuse herself to urinate. To her alarm, the door wouldn't budge when she pushed it.

"Sorry, this bathroom is closed for cleaning now, there's another one on the next floor down," a sympathetic waiter wearing the standard blue overalls told her.

Zagartha nodded anxiously, aware that they were due to leave for the meeting in the next few minutes. But nature called, so she headed to call the lift. Out of sight of everyone else, Zagartha bounced up and down slightly, very aware of the four glasses of wine and water resting in her bladder. She was about to cross her legs together, but quickly aborted that idea as she saw her Leader walking towards her. She still felt as though she should show no signs of human weakness around them. After all, she'd never known her Leader use a bathroom.

"Zagartha, we must go to the meeting. Come!" the Leader spoke with a dark gravelly voice, their face obscured by a dark cloak.

"Erm okay, would it be possible to-?"

"Now!" her Leader interrupted before Zagartha could finish her request. Zagartha nodded, despite the protests from her aching bladder. She knew this meeting was going to be long - she'd sat through enough of them already. But normally, she had time to relieve herself beforehand. She often wondered if The Leaders had bladders. They seemed to be drinking, so where on earth does it go? Are they just constantly pissing themselves? Now in a taxi with her four other colleagues, she didn't feel so weird about crossing her legs, as much as her black pencil skirt would allow. As the other four discussed the agenda for the meeting, Zagartha was miles away.

"Zagartha? Zagartha? Are you okay?" the voice was that of Ellie, who had become her best friend in the programme. Or at least as close as you can get to having a friend in the programme.

"Oh yeah yeah, to be honest I could have done with a loo trip before we left," Zagaratha blushed slightly, adjusting her long dark hair as she said this.

Neil's ears pricked up as she said this. "Really? How badly do you have to go?"

Zagartha rolled her eyes at this. Neil was a slightly annoying member of the group, who blatently had a pee fetish. She thought he was going to cum in his trousers on one occasion where Ellie ran into the boys toilets and relieved herself in a urinal because she was so bursting. "Oh you know, still some way away from doing an Ellie."

Ellie gasped in mock incredulity "Oh well you won't mind if I do this then? *hissssssssssssssssssss*"

Zagartha relaxed a bit "Oh my god Ellie no, you're going to make me wet myself!"

Neil made an involuntary noise, whilst Simon and Rosa continued to talk about the agenda together. Simon and Rosa had started dating, and the other three suspected they spent all their time bitching about how they didn't take the programme seriously enough. To be fair, the other three often spent a considerable amount of time bitching about how boring Simon and Rosa's sex must be.

As the taxi pullled up, Zagartha was desperate for the toilet. "I'll see you guys in there, I'm gonna go wee!"

Zagartha clutched her bag, and dashed up the steps. Looking at her watch, she saw she had two minutes to find a toilet and get into the meeting room. Her eyes lit up as she saw the ladies was free. However, as she darted towards the loo, she was interrupted by an unwelcome surprise.

"Ah Zagartha, I believe it's your turn to do coffees today. Come on now," the Leader had an impressive knack of being everywhere.

"Please can I just use the bathroom first?" Zagartha cried in pure desperation, made ten times worse by the fact she could literally see the toilet.

"But then you'll be late for the meeting. Off you go." Zagartha could have cried, and a slip of wee escaped to remind her how dire her situation was. Despite her bladder screaming at her, she walked away from the bathroom, and instead went towards the kitchen. As soon as the door shut behind her, she grabbed her crotch in despair. Composing herself, she began preparing the coffee, every splash of water torturing her poor bladder. She simply wouldn't be able to hold it during the meeting, but if she wet herself in front of The Leaders, she would surely be fired, possibly even arrested.

Then it came to her. What if I use the sink? There's no cameras in here and everyone else is getting ready for the meeting. Before she had time to decide whether it was a good idea or not, she had already started pulling her black tights down. Her pee was absolutely bursting to come out, and a few drops leaked before she could pull her lacy black panties to one side. Pulling her black skirt up towards her stomach, and pulling her knickers aside, a torrent of piss exploded out of her body. Zagartha moaned, not caring that her shaved pussy was on display, nor that she was almost certainly going to be late to the meeting. After a year without sex, this was the most horny she'd been in some time, and it took all her willpower not to start touching herself. As litres of wine, water and coffee exited her urethra, Zagartha was blissfully unaware of the door slowly opening...

*005*2021-04-09 23:38

Chapter IV - The Expulsion

Zagartha had never been so ashamed in her life. Instead of a meeting that afternoon, they spent three hours discussing what her punishment should be. No detail was spared as the guy who found her recounted in detail the sight he saw when he walked in the kitchen. Urine exploding out of her body, Zagartha ecstatic with relief. And the aftermath of the incident, Zagartha desperately trying anything to persuade her fellow colleague not to tell The Leaders. She even offered a him a blow job, something she had never done before nor did she have any desire to ever do. Who knows, maybe if he'd worked for the Department of Recreation rather than the Department of Health, things would be different. But as Jamie kept reiterating, urination anywhere other than a toilet is completely unsanitary. Zagartha kept her head down throughout his entire testimony, trying to drown out the murmuring and sniggering from the others. After a long deliberation, the Leader of Health stood up to deliver her fate.

"Miss Zagartha Patel, we find your indiscretion this afternoon very unsavoury. Our members are chosen based on their ability to perform a job, and to put all other human needs on hold until that job is done. You have furthermore put our health at risk by using a communal sink as a toilet. That being said, we recognise your ability, and are willing to forget about this incident, so long as you can prove your ability to control yourself. Therefore,you will be invited to The 113th Floor with everyone else, but you will be working through these case files until 7am tomorrow morning. If you leave your desk, or soil yourself, then you can consider your time here over."

Zagartha gulped. The 113th Floor was legendary, and was meant to be what made all the hard work worth it. It's a place for the inner ring to let their hair down, basically the biggest and best party you can imagine. Working whilst everyone else was enjoying that would be hard, and not being able to go to the toilet was going to make that ten times harder. She already had to pee again, as her bladder had been so full earlier. However she simply had to hold it. She couldn't go back to life on the outside.

###

The 113th floor was everything she imagined and more. Everything you could imagine was there; a fully stocked cocktail bar, a swimming pool and jacuzzi, 50 individual bedrooms for 'private activites', and a view of the whole of London. Granted, it wasn't as pretty as it used to be, but it was still surreal. Life outside this building couldn't be more different. All the other new recruits were allowed to bring their parters to the 113th floor tonight. That could be her tomorrow. If she managed to avoid wetting herself again. She longed to be in one of those rooms with Alina-382, fucking each others brains out until the early morning. Maybe tomorrow.

"Zagartha, here are the case files. Better get started," the Leader gestured towards a table next to the swimming pool.

"Can I work in my room? Think it would be less distracting," Zagartha asked.

"This is a punishment. We have no interest in making things easy for you," the Leader replied, bluntly.

The Leader sat down at the table next to Zagartha, presumably to keep an eye on her. So this is my home for the next thirteen hours, she thought to herself. She crossed her legs and started to look through the case files. She was by no means desperate, but she was very aware that her bladder was filling up. She looked in envy at all her colleagues: some had dashed into their rooms for some long overdue sex, the single ones were at the bar, no doubt hoping that their turn would come later. A waiter came towards Zagartha, holding a large glass of water.

"For you, madam," he announced.

"Oh, no thanks," Zagaratha replied, acutely aware of the need to reduce her fluid intake.

"The Leaders insist, hydration is important to productive working." Zagartha nodded anxiously. Not having my bladder explode is also important to productive working, but there we go. Aware of the eyes on her from the Leader, she had a sip of water for appearances sake. I'm going to regret that later, she thought.

Five hours later

Fuck, I feel like I have an elephant sitting on my bladder. Her pussy was sweating from the pressure of holding in her pee, at least she hoped it was sweat. Despite only ever taking tiny sips of water, she'd still gone through two pints with no relief. The Leader's watchful eyes were on her at all time, watching her biting her lip, bouncing up and down, squirming, doing whatever she could to ease the pressure. Being sat by the pool didn't help, with every splash another dagger in her bladder. As she started what felt like her 2000th case file of the night, Ellie stumbled over to her table, arms round one of the workers from the Department of Order.

"Hey man, how's it going?" asked Ellie, slurring her words ever so slightly.

"Oh you know, not great. But only another seven hours to go, so let's hope my bladder doesn't explode and kill me in that time..." Zagartha curtly replied.

"I feel ya. Hang in there mate, don't want to lose you. Me and... urm," - "Ryan," her new gentleman friend intervened - "Ryan! Me and Ryan are going back to my room, so we'll catch you tomorrow. Maybe," Ellie clearly didn't have much confidence in her holding abilities.

"Yeah yeah, have a good one," Zagartha waved them off. Everyone here is getting some tonight, even Neil managed to pull that girl from surveillance. All she wanted was to go back to her room, take a massive piss, and then get her pussy licked out by Alina-382. Another jolt from her bladder forced Zagartha to cross her legs even tighter, forcing the wee so desperate to come out to stay inside her body.

Four hours later

Zagartha was bursting. Almost literally. She could feel the walls of her bladder expanding, as she reached her absolute capacity. She had never felt pain like this, it was overriding every single other desire right now, the desire for food, the desire for sleep, the desire for sex. All she could think about was the moment her cheeks hit that porcelain seat, and she could just let go. It was just her and the Leader now, who also hadn't moved at all. Zagartha stared blankly at a case file, she'd been on the same one for an hour now. How the fuck was she meant to be productive with a bladder ready to pop? As she considered giving up for the millionth time that night, something unexpected happened.

"I must excuse myself. I hope you will remain here until I return," the Leader stood up for the first time this evening, and walked in the direction of the toilets. As soon as he was out of sight, Zagartha hitched up her skirt and dug her hands into her crotch, now in floods of tears from her desperation. What the fuck am I going to do? Despite the pressure on her pussy, Zagartha still felt a warm trickle of wee on her hand. Her panties were absolutely sodden with piss and sweat by this point, and Zagartha knew the game was nearly up. If she was going to leave, she was going to do so with dignity, and that meant finding her way to a toilet first. As quickly as her overfull bladder would let her, she gingerly walked towards the ladies, now completely powerless to stop the rivulets of wee running down her leg. She was gutted this year had been wasted for nothing. But she just had to make it to a toilet. Had to.

Now in the ladies room, her ordeal was nearly over. Her panties were soaked now, and she was practically wetting herself already. But she had her dignity, and she was determined to finish her pee in the toilet. She started to undo her skirt as she reached the door to the stall, but she was not prepared for what lay the other side. As the Leader sat on the toilet, Zagartha instinctively dug her hands into her crotch, as another jet of urine escaped her urethra. As she turned round, she noticed a camera pointed directly at her.

"Ladies and gentlemen of the inner ring, take note. This is what weakness looks like," the Leader loudly exclaimed, as Zagartha stood there helplessly, the urine now seeping through to her skirt. "This is someone who doesn't have what it takes to be like you." Zagartha was barely acknowledging The Leader's words, as her bladder finally gave way properly. Her panties quickly became overwhelmed by the hot piss exploding out of her body, and a long stream of pee ran down each leg.

Zagartha hid her tear stained eyes, as the Leader continued to attack her personality in a vicious and vindictive manner. Christ, there was so much pee. She felt her piss flow down her feet, collecting at the bottom of her high heels. Her bladder felt like a balloon full of air being released, as the stream coming out of her showed no sign of stopping. Eventually, she could produce no more, as she stood in the ladies bathroom, shoes filled to the brim with piss, her crotch soaked, her face flushed red with embarrassment. As she turned to face her tormenter, she noticed him holding a ray gun like device.

"Don't worry Zagartha. You won't have to think about this ever again," he replied with an evil smirk on his face.

And with that, Zagartha Patel was no more.
