The Intertwining

Author: nononono

*000*2024-06-08 15:27

One

"Hurry up, I'm about to burst," Izzy banged at the door, clutching her crotch.

It was Friday night, which meant Izzy was once again at Utopia, the deceptively named nightclub which was Mecca for residents of New Cross who wanted to dance without paying £13 for a double vodka coke. It had all the hallmarks of a place nobody older than 23 should frequent: the floors were so sticky that it was a miracle anyone made it home with both shoes, whilst the noxious combination of body odour, Lynx Africa and Red Bull, as well as a faint whiff of urine, assaulted the nostrils at every turn. The toilets themselves were an absolute joke. There was just one toilet for the women patrons to share, whilst the men were lucky enough to have a large urinal trough, allowing several to relieve themselves all at once. Izzy had been desperate enough to use that trough once, much to the delight of the mostly middle aged and sketchy male clientele. After that, the bouncer told her she'd be barred if she did that again.

@@Izzy was a teacher, desperately trying to cling to the youth she felt slipping away. At 27, she still had so much ahead of her, yet it felt like every week, she saw a different friend from school announce their engagement, baby or new house on Instagram. Izzy's life wasn't bad by any stretch. She had a flat in Greenwich, shared with Aarushi, her best friend from university. She was a fairly good teacher, even though her job left her so depleted that she struggled to find time to meet anyone, beyond the occasional Hinge date or Tinder hookup. Her lack of partner surprised everyone, Aarushi often wondered how many arguments Izzy had inadvertently caused, simply from hopeless boyfriends being caught admiring her body by their unimpressed other halves. Her friend Sophie tried to convince her to do OnlyFans instead of teach "You'll still get teenage boys perving over you but at least you'll be paid for it." Tonight, she wore a stunning red dress, so short it barely covered her turquoise thong. Her beautiful brown hair, immaculately curled, had already been complimenting by several women in the line, but Izzy, consumed by a very urgent need to pee, was in no mood to chat.

"I'm not sure I can hold it much longer, I might have to go to Piss Street," Aarushi moaned, unbuttoning her light blue jeans which dug into her aching bladder.

@@Piss Street was what Aarushi and Izzy affectionately called Bliss Street, a road adjacent to Utopia, where several clubbers, predominantly female, went to relieve themselves. Aarushi had never used Piss Street; she came from a very strict Indian family who would shudder at the thought of her urinating in public. They had only just come to terms with the idea of her having an English boyfriend who stayed over most nights of the week, and they chose to believe that Scott always slept on the sofa bed when he visited. Aarushi had lost count of the number of times she'd stood on Piss Street absolutely bursting for a wee, but refusing to go, whilst she held Izzy's coat and bags so she relieve herself with little regard for who saw. Aarushi was a year younger than Izzy, but people always assumed she was older. Perhaps it was her easy manner in social situations, her meteoric rise from intern to sports reporter at the BBC, or her three year relationship with Scott which seemed to avoid all the speed bumps most couples hit at some point. It was impossible to meet Aarushi Basu without being utterly charmed. A goddess in everyone's eyes, except for her own.

@@After what felt like an eternity, a couple stumbled out, a bleary eyed man in his thirties, eyes bloodshot and trousers undone, followed by a blonde woman several years his junior, mascara running down her cheek and eyes sad and vacant. Izzy and Aarushi exchanged a glance, but both knew they couldn't do anything until they'd taken care of their bladders. The girls darted in, their need to pee intensified further by their close proximity to the toilet. Aarushi locked the door, whilst Izzy rushed to the toilet, clutching herself. The two had long acknowledged that Aarushi had a much stronger bladder, and so Izzy was always allowed to use the loo first. Aarushi had considered asking if she could go first tonight, she couldn't remember a time where she'd needed to go this badly. Maybe when she and her family went back to India a few summers ago, and she ended up on a six hour coach journey with no stops. On that day, she became so desperate that she was literally crying with pain and her mum had to beg the driver to pull over so she could relieve herself at the side of the road. Aarushi often brought that story up when people tried to claim she was perfect.

@@Izzy hitched her dress up and yanked her thong down, Aarushi almost blushing as she caught a glimpse of her shaved vagina. Izzy was significantly more comfortable with being naked in front of others. Aarushi remembered the first time she saw Izzy naked, when they went skinny dipping after a night out in Mallorca on holiday. Or rather, when Izzy went skinny dipping, and after a lot of persuading, managed to get Aarushi to strip down to her bra and panties. Aarushi was always a little jealous of how comfortable Izzy was with her own body. She'd lost count of the number of times she'd come home and found Izzy walking around with her tits out, or walked in on her in the bathroom. Izzy was never fazed; the only time she was remotely embarrassed was when Aarushi walked in on her using a vibrator. But even then, Izzy often brings it up herself once she's had a few pints. In stark contrast, Izzy had only seen Aarushi naked twice, once when she accidentally walked in on her having sex with Scott, and once when Aarushi came home from work so desperate to pee that she forgot to close the bathroom door.

Izzy tried to relax. Her bladder was fit to burst, yet she still sometimes got a bit of stage fright when someone else was in the room. Aarushi danced around frantically, she'd been dying for a wee for hours, but they'd gone to a friends house for pre drinks and she got engrossed in a conversation which she was too well mannered to excuse herself from. By the time she'd found a lull in conversation which she could use to deal with her pressing need, the taxi had arrived, and she didn't want to make the driver wait. Her bursting bladder was the price she paid for her unwavering politeness. She shot a desperate look at Izzy, as a drop of urine escaped, dampening her satin red panties slightly.

Finally, Izzy's body allowed her to release. She was almost moaning as her urine gushed into the bowl, as the bottle of cheap red wine and the gin and lemonades consumed at pre drinks left her system. The feeling of relief was almost otherworldly, in fact this was the closest that Izzy had come to having sex in quite a few months. Aarushi tried to block out the sound of Izzy's forceful stream, but she needed both her hands to clutch her peehole. There was no attempt to maintain her dignity at this point, Aarushi's jeans were halfway down her legs, and her hands tightly grabbing her crotch. Aarushi felt her fingers dampen as another long spurt of piss leaked out of her exhausted bladder. It felt like Izzy was never going to stop peeing.

"Fuck me, I have never had to piss that badly," Izzy groaned, as her stream finally showed signs of subsiding.

Aarushi could do little else but nod, as she contorted her legs ludicrously in a desperate attempt to stem the tide. Her bladder had been stretched to limits she didn't even know were possible. She winced in agony as another pang of intense desperation hit her. She'd already sussed out the other options in the room: the bin in the corner was overflowing with tissues and sanitary products, whilst the sink had recently been replaced by a hand sanitising dispenser, in what she assumed was a cost cutting method. The only realistic options were holding on to reach the toilet, or wetting herself.

Izzy's bladder was finally completely empty. Before Izzy could stand and vacate the toilet for her bursting friend, the lights began to flicker. The room shuddered and Izzy fell off the toilet, knickers still round her ankles. Aarushi held on for dear life, knowing that she was seconds away from an embarrassing explosion. She managed to clench everything to avoid another long spurt of wee turning into a full blown tsunami, though there was now a 50p sized wet patch visible on her panties. After ten seconds of shaking, the room was still once more.

"What the fuck was that?" Izzy asked, pulling her thong up.

Aarushi practically tore her panties off, and parked her naked bum on the freezing toilet seat, moist with what she hoped was sweat. Not that she really cared, as she finally let go. Her usual shyness was replaced by carefree abandon, as hours of pent up urine began to cascade out of her aching bladder. It was painful at first, such was the volume of urine inside of her body. But eventually that gave way to the most incredible relief, an intense relief like she'd never felt before.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh," Aarushi couldn't even stifle her moaning as she saw heaven. It felt like she was actually in utopia for the first time, the pressure in her stomach slowly subsiding.

But whilst Aarushi was in heaven, something very strange was happening. Izzy's bladder was filling up, more quickly than she'd ever felt before. It was almost as though liquid was being poured directly into her organ like a water balloon. She was now once again battling not to wet herself, dancing frantically on the spot.

"You alright Iz?" Aarushi asked, as her stream died down and she wiped herself.

Izzy stood motionless, paralysed by confusion over what was happening. The pressure was too much, and she involuntarily started to wet herself. Aarushi stared, in shock at as she watched her best friend's red dress slowly darken, as a wet patch grew. The urine gushed out of Izzy's thong, cascading down her legs and pooling at her feet. Aarushi herself started to feel the extraordinary sensation Izzy felt a minute early, as her bladder refilled at frightening speed. The two looked at each other, Izzy still pissing, and Aarushi rapidly becoming bursting for a wee once more.

"Iz?" Aarushi cried. "I think something weird is happening."

*002*2024-06-09 14:53

Utopia: A History - taken from utopianewcross.co.uk

Utopia is one of New Cross's premier nightclubs, a favourite of students and locals alike for the past ten years. Known for its reasonably priced drinks, wacky themed nights and its intriguing history, many make pilgrimages to Utopia.

Origins

Before being turned into a nightclub, Utopia was a public house, named The Hardchester Arms. John Hardchester and his wife Elizabeth ran the pub together, which opened in 1578. Records show that The Hardchester Arms was a very popular place amongst men who worked in London and wanted to grab a pint or two on the way home. However their early success was ruined after Elizabeth Hardchester was arrested and tried on suspicion of witchcraft. Several pub goers had noticed her acting strangely, muttering to herself and frantically writing things down in her notebook. Hardchester was thrown in the Thames, with a brick attached to her legs and was never seen again. No body was ever recovered, though her notebook was found shortly afterwards in the pub bathroom. John Harchester disappeared that night, and by the following week, his cousin William Hardchester had taken control of the pub.

The pub remained in the Hardchester name for centuries, being passed on through the generations until 1999, when Thomas Hardchester was stabbed. The attacker was never found, and many potential witnesses died in mysterious circumstances in the weeks that followed. The pub remained closed for fifteen years, until brothers Bill and George Mansfield gave the building new life as Utopia in 2014.

The 57 and a half Spells of Elizabeth Hardchester

As part of Bill and George's commitment to keeping the memory of the Hardchester name alive, her spell book is available to view during the day at Utopia. Each day, the page is turned, and patrons can view the book through a glass display box. After a recent incident where the book was briefly stolen, customers are not allowed to view the book unless there is a member of the Utopia team present. Some of our favourite spells are written down below:

Spell 12 - Foreign tongue

After this spell is cast, the victim will be unable to speak their own language, and will instead be fluent in the vernacular of the caster's choosing.

Spell 20 - Kiss from a Rose

This spell allows the caster the chance to find true love, as the first person they hand a rose to will fall for them immediately and irreversibly.

Spell 33 - The Sore Head

A spell which many people may wish for after a night at Utopia, it claims to cure any hangovers instantly.

Spell 49 - Cloak of Darkness

The caster of this spell will go undetected for one hour. Kind of like a Harry Potter-style invisibility cloak

The half spell - The Intertwining

This spell claims to fuse the bladders of two people of the caster's choosing. However this spell was not completed, so we do not know its purpose, or how to reverse the spell

DISCLAIMER: Thankfully no patrons to Utopia have been victim to any of these spells, or at least not to our knowledge... Utopia do not accept liability for any individuals who are affected by trying to cast one of these spells for themselves.

*003*2024-06-09 16:02

Two

"I know it sounds insane, but what else could it be?" Izzy and Aarushi were back from Utopia, their wet clothes already in the washing machine, their skin hot from their showers. They were looking at the Utopia website, after Aarushi vaguely remembered reading about an intertwining curse before. After several back and forth wettings and rewettings in the Utopia toilets, they had finally managed to get their bladders on a level where they felt reasonably uncomfortable, but they could still go about their business. It had been harder for Aarushi, who'd had to stop a pee mid stream to get her bladder to that point. But she'd adjusted and whilst she wanted to release the rest of her stream, she knew she couldn't do that without making it for Izzy. Equal discomfort seemed to be the only fair way. That being said, as the two girls sipped on their cups of tea, she was starting to get desperate again.

"It does sound weirdly like what's happened," Aarushi crinkled her eyes as she heard herself. "Nope, sorry but this is the real world, not Harry Potter. We've probably just got UTIs or something."

"Come on Rushi, we've both had UTIs and we both know they've never been that extreme," Izzy reasoned. "I mean my bladder literally went from completely empty to about to explode within one minute. And all that happened during that minute was you peeing. It's too much of a coincidence."

"But why? Why would anyone want to fuse our bladders? What could anyone possibly gain from doing that?" Aarushi held her head in her hands, barely able to compute any of the events of the evening.

"I don't know, like the website says, the spell wasn't finished. I just don't see what else this could be," Izzy took another sip of tea. "Hey, is it just me or do you need a wee less after drinking this tea?"

Aarushi shook her head. "No, the opposite actually. I'm getting desperate again, far quicker than I normally would." She was at the point now where under normal circumstances she'd have excused herself to go to the loo, even if she'd been watching a film or mid conversation. But Aarushi knew they needed to find out more about what was going on.

"You don't think..." Izzy paused to formulate her ideas. "Hang on, let me try something."

Izzy ran into the kitchen and poured herself a pint of water. The sound of the water splashing against the glass only intensified Aarushi's need, and she crossed her legs in protest.

"I'm sorry for this," Izzy spoke with unusual sincerity, before downing the pint of water.

"Ahhhh what the fuck are you doing?" Aarushi clutched herself through her towel as her bladder spasmed. Her need jumped from a low 8 to a high 9 as Izzy poured herself another drink. "Wait, stop! I'm going to burst."

Aarushi hobbled to the toilet, her bladder searing in pain, every step threatening to release the flood brewing in their shared bladder. She reached the toilet, and was about to sit down when Izzy called out. "Hang on!"

Aarushi yelled out in agony. "Izzy come on man, I'm dying here," she clutched her naked pussy as a spurt of piss escaped, running between her fingers.

"I'm sorry, I'll let you pee in a minute. But remember that chill we both got at the same time one of us peed?" Aarushi could only nod, as another drop of wee sneaked out. "I reckon I might know what it is. So pee but as soon as we feel the chill, stop!"

Aarushi nodded as her stream started involuntarily. Sat on the toilet, she sighed in relief as Izzy felt her bladder start to fill once more. Twenty seconds in, Izzy and Aarushi both felt a chill. "Okay stop!" Izzy shouted, squirming as her bladder started to weigh uncomfortably.

Aarushi clenched everything, but the stream continued. 'It's too hard!"

"You need to stop!" Izzy cried, grabbing her pussy.

Using all her willpower, Aarushi was able to stop. She felt as though she still had urine to release, but she was comfortable again. Izzy on the other hand looked frantic.

"Okay, so now go and have a pint of water like I just did," Izzy ordered. "Quickly," she squeaked as she felt a wave of desperation. Aarushi headed to the kitchen, not bothering to put her towel back on. Izzy couldn't help but admire her pert bum as she walked towards the kitchen, and her perky breasts as she turned to use the tap. It felt strange seeing the normally very reserved and clothed Aarushi walking around fully nude with no care or embarrassment. To be fair, they'd seen each other wet themselves four times within the last two hours so she guessed that nudity was small fry on the embarrassment scale at this point. Aarushi started to drink, and immediately Izzy couldn't hold on. She parked her bum on the toilet, and peed, forcing herself to stop as she felt the shiver.

"Okay," Izzy proclaimed as she wiped. "So I guess that whoever has the most full bladder, they're the ones who will feel the effects of whatever liquids we both drink."

"And the shiver indicates a change in who has the most bladder," Aarushi added, more to try and clarify the rules for herself.

"This is so fucked man," Izzy laughed, although she wanted to cry.

"I think we need to get some sleep," Aarushi yawned. "Hopefully we'll wake up and this will all have been a horrible nightmare..."

*005*2024-06-09 21:44

Three

The water fountain was inconvenient. Aarushi was back at university, in the middle of a lecture, penned in her seat. The trickle was constant. An irremovable ear worm. She looked around, she didn't recognise any of the faces. She recognised the feeling of fullness in her abdomen. She wondered where the toilets were, but her train of thought was interrupted by her lecturer.

"Today we're going to be looking at water." The water fountain was REALLY loud. "So let's start by looking at Niagara Falls. Niagara Falls is one of the biggest waterfalls in the world and..." Aarushi couldn't concentrate, her bladder felt heavy and the running water was only crescendoing. She tried to stand up but found she couldn't.

She was now queuing. The water fountain had gone, but she could still hear Niagara Falls. She didn't think she was at Niagara Falls. The queue stretched for what literally looked like miles, she wasn't sure why she was still queuing. There was no way she'd make it to the end. Either way, the queue didn't seem to be moving. Izzy was stood next to her, she kept slurping her fizzy drink. Aarushi went to ask her to stop but no words came out. Izzy just kept slurping. Didn't she need to pee too? Izzy always had to pee, she usually went three times before Aarushi to go once. She looked around, a mile long row of toilets. Niagara Falls had never felt so loud or intense in her ears. Aarushi inspected the toilets one by one, but every one was inadequate in some way. Aarushi felt more frantic with each failure, her bladder ready to rupture.

She was in bed with Scott. She was naked, and he was slowly working his tongue down her body. His head pressed heavy on her bladder, but she didn't want him to stop. The toilet was right next to the bed, she yearned to use it. But Scott was doing so well, his tongue slowly massaging her clit and taking her to paradise. "I've got to go, I've got to go," she moaned, but Scott just kept licking.

She was still naked, but this time in the middle of the pitch at Wembley Stadium. The nakedness didn't bother her, she just wanted to find a toilet. "We're live," a man who she assumed was supposed to be a producer whispered. 90,000 people stood watching her, and Aarushi could hear every single one of them. Every single one of them was peeing, their streams never ending. Aarushi clutched herself, she could now hear the crowd sighing in relief, as if mocking her. A Mexican wave started, only it wasn't like normal. Instead, she heard toilets flushing, getting louder and louder and louder and louder. "Please let me go. Please," she begged.

The walls of the stadium collapsed, and her salvation appeared, a toilet in the space where the centre circle had been. She was no longer naked, instead wearing a red bodysuit. She walked and then ran and then sprinted towards her porcelain relief. But as she got closer, the toilet started to move, taunting her.

She was in a waterpark, grabbing her crotch for dear life. She had no option, she'd have to pee in the pool. All she could hear was splashing.

She was in the front seat of a car, desperately searching for a container to urinate in, but she couldn't find a single one without a whole at the bottom.

She was in her A Level Spanish exam, counting down the seconds until she could be released.

She was standing on Piss Street watching Izzy relieving herself.

She was being tied up by Scott in a room full of water fountains.

She was being tied up by Izzy in a room full of toilets.

The running water wouldn't stop. The flushing toilets wouldn't stop. The watching other people pissing wouldn't stop. She was so bursting. She was so horny.

It was futile. It was all too much. She stood alone, in the middle of Greenwich Park, wearing nothing but her pink pyjama shorts. She felt a warmth spread across her crotch as the water balloon inside her slowly deflated. Her warm liquid trickled down her legs as the pressure building up started to release.

She was in her bed, barely awake, as a chill ran through her whole body. Her bed sheets were saturated, and the flow unstoppable. Her pyjama bottoms were a completely different shade of pink to what they were before. She knew her flatmate was about to get a rude awakening but she couldn't find the strength to hold her stream. Her heart pounded, her bladder throbbed, her clit demanded immediate attention. Her bladder was completely empty for the first time in a while.

What happened next felt like an out of body experience for Aarushi. She peeled off her pyjama bottoms, throwing them on the other side of her bed. "Oh fuck!" she heard Izzy yell from the other room. It was all too much for Aarushi. She started frantically rubbing her clit, her fingers brushing through her wiry pubic hair. Fuck! she whispered as her bladder started to fill up again. She felt a chill and her pussy grew even wetter imagining what Izzy was doing in the room next door. Before long, she was bursting. On the verge of exploding in more ways than one, she started to urinate once more, furiously rubbing herself as her bladder let go. Izzy barged in. She was completely naked. They made eye contact, Aarushi still peeing and masturbating, whilst Izzy's bladder refilled. They both involuntarily shivered as the baton passed from Aarushi to Izzy.

"Come here," Aarushi moaned, still forcefully pissing. Izzy didn't need to be asked twice. Within seconds, Izzy was sat on top of Aarushi, her hand exploring another woman's genitals for the first time. The feeling of Rushi's warm stream against her hand was almost enough to make her cum immediately. She kissed her. They'd kissed before, but never like this. Their tongues danced together before settling into a familiar and safe rhythm. As Rushi's stream tapered off, it was Izzy's turn. She sat on Aarushi's naked stomach, and released her stream. Her urine ran down Aarushi's chest, in an almost straight line between her tits. Both women came loudly, louder than either had ever orgasmed before. So lost in their own world, they didn't notice that Scott was standing in the doorway, heartbroken and confused.

*008*2024-06-12 16:28

Four

Aarushi's phone vibrated, she picked it up immediately. It was just a BBC News notification informing her of a Conservative MP who'd resigned after being caught sending unsolicited dick pics to a junior colleague. She hadn't heard from Scott since he'd caught the two of them. Not that she blamed him. She'd have done more than just cut off contact with him if the roles had been reversed. He was gone before she could even explain the curse, and her attempts to explain via text had been ignored. Scott's best friend even messaged her to ask her to stop trying to get in contact. Three years of bliss, ruined by a stupid mistake. Her bladder twitched, reminding her she had urgent business to attend to.

"Morning," Izzy stood in the kitchen, making herself a cup of tea.

"Hi," Aarushi muttered. There was no denying it had been awkward between them since the incident. Hearing the boiling water pour into the teacup reminded Aarushi. "Hey I'm just gonna go pee quickly."

"Okay, just remember to stop at halfway this time!" Izzy laughed, clearly trying to joke their relationship back to normal. They were starting to finally get a handle on their new bladder situation. When one of them became desperate for a wee, but not quite at the stage where holding on became difficult, they would let the other know, and then urinate until their bladder was slightly less than half full. Going to bed was the hard part, as falling asleep even with a half full bladder proved to be very tricky. And indeed, one of them would often wake up bursting much earlier than they had hoped for. That morning, it had been Izzy's turn to wake up at 6am, unable to hold her urine any longer. She managed to make it to the toilet, but it took every inch of her willpower to stop her stream. For minutes after, she yearned to release the rest of her stream, before her bladder finally adjusted.

Aarushi slipped her pyjama bottoms down, and urinated for an unsatisfying twenty seconds. As soon as she felt the chill, she reluctantly stopped her stream, despite her bladder's protestations at its relief being cut short. She wiped herself, then hopped in the shower. Aarushi always peed in the shower, and with her bladder still half full, it took all of her willpower to not release the rest of her urine. Feeling exhausted, Aarushi bent over to grab her shower gel, and started to massage it all over her body.

Bang bang bang. "Rush, let me in," Izzy banged frantically on the door. "Fuck sake Rush come on!" she knocked a further few times.

Aarushi hadn't even noticed. A pool of light yellow had collected at her feet, she'd inadvertently finished the job in the shower. As she felt her bladder start to fill back up, she knew that Izzy hadn't quite made it. Opening the door, she saw Izzy standing there, her grey jogging bottoms drenched in piss. Thankfully Izzy had managed to halt the flow, as Aarushi felt another shudder. "You fucker," Izzy smirked, peeling her piss soaked pink panties and jogging bottoms off. Before Aarushi could react, Izzy had commandeered the shower.

"Iz, I still have to do my hair," Aarushi moaned.

"No one's stopping you," Izzy smiled, slowly rubbing shower gel onto her tits. The sight of Izzy's perfect naked body was too much for Aarushi to bear. She hopped back into the shower, and embraced her friend, starting to slowly kiss her neck. Izzy moaned as Aarushi's hands danced down her body. Aarushi's middle finger started to slowly massage Izzy's pussy, before slipping it slowly inside her. Her thumb massaged her clit as Izzy gasped in delight. Izzy reciprocated, exploring Aarushi's vagina with trepidation.

"Oh fuck, I need you," Aarushi gasped. "Fucking eat me."

Izzy was almost taken aback by seeing her friend in this way. But she gladly obliged, kneeling on the floor and navigating her way to Aarushi's clit with her tongue. As she did this, she forgot about her bladder, still aching to finish the job. She started to urinate, the pee collecting in between her thighs. She kept licking, as Aarushi moaned.

"Fuck are you peeing," Aarushi asked between moans.

"Sorry Rush, I was bursting," Izzy was past the point of no return, as pee continued to collect on the floor of the shower. The second she finished, Aarushi stared. Izzy came as she frantically fingered herself whilst being covered in the pee stream. As Aarushi managed to stop herself post shudder, she brought herself to orgasm. For the first time since the early hours of Saturday morning, she'd forgotten all about Scott.

###

"Live in two minutes," the produced called out to Aarushi. It was 3:28pm, and Aarushi was about to present live on Sky Sports, her first time working for the broadcaster. Nerves consumed her, as she took one last swig of her water. She'd half used the loo about half an hour ago, and she'd reminded Izzy not to drink too much water that afternoon. It had been one of the strangest weekends of her life, from her almost certain break up with Scott, her new found attraction to Izzy and the strange bladder curse that plagued them both. She looked at her notes once more. She'd prepared so much for this, Aarushi knew that women had to prepare five times as hard as men when presenting football, or else Twitter would brand her an 'idiot', only given the job for 'woke' reasons. She was ready for this. This was the day, the day her career would reach a new level. Her phone buzzed, she opened it up, presumably a text from Izzy to wish her luck.

"Hey, sorry this is really bad timing, but you should probably know... I am BUSTING for a wee :("

*009*2024-06-21 22:22

Five

@@Izzy hadn't intended to get this desperate. She'd been careful for most of the afternoon, and had tried to limit her water intake once she felt her bladder reach the halfway point, the shiver once again reminding her that her bladder was now accepting fluids from her and Aarushi. She knew the most likely cause. Aarushi had a nervous tick - she couldn't help but sip on water constantly when feeling anxious. She recalled a text conversation shortly before Aarushi's first date with Scott. Aarushi messaged her from the top floor of the number 83 bus, looking for a distraction as she was convinced she was going to piss herself, having been consuming water like oxygen all day. On another occasion, Aarushi had to ask to use the toilet mid job interview, much to the bemusement of the panel. Izzy reckoned that without the pang in her bladder to remind her to slow down, Aarushi wouldn't have thought to stop drinking water. But that came at a cost, as Izzy sat on the sofa, legs crossed as tightly as possible, ready to explode. Izzy knew by now that she was beyond the point where she could control how much she released, and that any attempt to pee would surely end in the entire contents of her bladder being transferred to Aarushi's. Whilst on national TV.

###

Aarushi looked at her watch. She wouldn't have time now. "I've got a break in 15 minutes, can you hold it till then? :/" she texted back. "I hope so," came the immediate reply. Aarushi composed herself, making sure every inch of her hair was in the perfect place, and checking her face for any residues of the pasta she had for lunch. The Premier League Today theme played through her earpiece. This is so surreal, Aarushi thought. She'd always watched Premier League Today growing up, and now here she was, presenting the whole thing.

"Good afternoon, just the one Premier League game this afternoon, but it promises to be a fiery one. Everton are on the brink of relegation, and are playing their first match under new manager Alex Perkins, his first managerial appointment since he was sacked by West Ham for his involvement in a nightclub brawl. They face Tottenham Hotspur, whose early season promise has extinguished somewhat, and now the Lilywhites face an uphill battle to qualify for Europe. Rumours are swirling about Botic von Gaal's future, particularly after his captain Alfonso Ramirez criticised his tactics in the Spanish press. Both sides will see this as an opportunity to pick up a much needed three points. I'm Aarushi Basu, and this is Premier League Today."

###

Izzy couldn't help but smile as she watched Aarushi smash it. She searched her name in Twitter, something she did more often than she cared to admit. She even had a fake account, which she'd use to clap back to anyone who unjustly criticised her friend.

**

"Aarushi Basu is a breath of fresh air, she's an absolute natural and really knows her stuff."

@GeorgeJohnsonBBC

"Great to see more Asian women presenting men's sport on TV, and what a great ambassador Aarushi Basu is!"

@ShreyaPatel298

"jeeeeez i'd let aarushi basu do unspeakable things to me she's so peng omds"

@SeriouslySaka

**

Izzy smirked at the last one - if only he knew what Aarushi Basu had done to her that morning. She could still taste her pussy on her tongue. The truth was she couldn't get Aarushi out her mind. She undressed her with her mind on the TV screen, imagining unzipping her dress to reveal her sexy black lace lingerie. Imagining pushing her panties to one side and exploring with her tongue. She glanced at the time, it was now eight minutes until Aarushi said she could go on a break. Izzy was bursting, as the combined liquid intake of herself and Aarushi begged for relief. She debated trying to see if she could control her pee to the halfway point, but she'd never forgive herself if she couldn't and Aarushi ended up wetting herself on live TV.

Not that the thought of it wasn't sexy. Izzy imagined Aarushi squirming desperately, clutching her pussy and praying for an opportunity to use the toilet. She imagined being the only person in the world who knew that her bladder was about to burst, and Aarushi unable to hold on any longer, leaking drops of urine into her panties. Just the thought of it was enough to make her start masturbating again. Izzy was never really big on self pleasure, but this was the third time she'd pleasured herself since Aarushi left. Her bladder was rock hard, but gently rubbing the lips of her pussy made her need less severe. She looked at the TV, two ex footballers were fiddling with a large whiteboard. She thought of them and Aarushi having a threesome, and she came.

Big mistake, she thought as she tightly clutched herself, feeling a wave of pressure. She now felt even more desperate than before. How long was it going to be before she could relieve herself. She picked up her phone to find nine new messages from Aarushi. Confused, she opened her phone.

"Okay just heading to the toilet, give me one minute."

"On the loo"

"Go piss girl"

"Come on man I need to be back in two minutes"

"Izzy hurry the fuck up"

"I actually can't believe you"

"Okay I need to go now so you've got to hold it another half an hour"

"Why are you like this"

"Fuck sake"

The blood drained from Izzy's face. She'd completely forgot, she'd paused the TV before the football so she was five minutes behind. Izzy wanted to cry, she was in agony, her bladder screamed louder with every second she went without relief. She pounded the sofa in frustration. She needed to distract herself somehow. It felt like she had a bowling ball resting on her bladder as she stood up, she doubled over in pain. Every step threatened to release the tsunami inside of her. She waddled into Aarushi's room to grab her Nintendo Switch. When Izzy was younger, her parents hated stopping on long journeys, so they'd get her to play on her Nintendo DS to distract her from asking to stop at the service stations. Maybe subconsciously this would help her hold it?

"What are you doing?" a voice asked.

Izzy shrieked. The shock was too much for her. Her bladder caved into the pressure. The voice was Scott's, as he stood in the doorway with an empty box labelled 'Scott's stuff'. He was lost for words as he saw the crotch of Izzy's tracksuit bottoms darken. Izzy made awkward eye contact with him as she helplessly carried on urinating. Her panties could hold no more, so rivulets formed down each leg, pooling underneath her bare feet on Aarushi's floor. She couldn't help but notice the large bulge barely concealed by Scott's tracksuit. She felt the shiver, but there was no way she could stop the stream. Her and Scott's eyes met once more, just like her and Aarushi's eyes on that fateful morning.

###

Aarushi found it hard to hide her fury. She was stood by a large TV screen, interviewing Von Gaal about Tottenham's recent form, when she felt the now all too familiar sensation of her bladder filling up, as if someone had turned a tap on. At first she crossed her legs, a perfectly innocent gesture. She stumbled over her words slightly as she felt the shiver. Fuck sake Izzy, turn the fucking hose off, she thought. It felt like it took an age for her bladder to fill, Aarushi almost felt sorry for how much pain Izzy must have been. But on the other hand, it was Izzy's fault she missed her opportunity to pee. And all sympathy disappeared as her bladder started to reach its capacity. She remembered she was live on TV and everyone was staring at her.

"Erm so you erm left Scott erm Williams on the b-b-bench today, erm, what's-s-s the thinking there?" she asked, all her brainpower on making sure her peehole remained clamped shut. She had five minutes before the next break.

Von Gaal stared blankly at the camera. "You have already asked me this? I don't waste my time with this," he responded, tearing his headset off and walking away, shouting angrily in Dutch as he disappeared. Back in the studio, Aarushi's producer had his head in his hands. Aarushi herself was bouncing on the spot now.

"Well the pressure's clearly getting to him," ex-Everton striker Mickey Jones tried to ease the tension. Aarushi, unable to string a sentence together, smiled weakly.

"Someone must have told him he's odds on to be the next Premier League manager to get the sack," the ex-Tottenham defender Steven Phillips agreed.

"Haha yeah," the pain in Aarushi's bladder prevented her from coming up with anything witty. Steven and Mickey looked at each other anxiously as Aarushi squirmed on the spot. "Erm... so what do Leicester have to do to win this game?"

Mickey's face reddened "Erm I assume you mean Everton, and..." Aarushi was no longer listening, a spurt of wee escaped, and she knew the inevitable was going to happen.

###

"Oh my God," Izzy moaned as Scott entered her. Intoxicated by horniness, neither had any clue what was happening at the Sky Studios 12 minutes away. He slowly thrusted, whilst rubbing her clit with his thumb. Izzy had never taken a dick this big before. She'd always found Scott fairly plain, but she now understood why Aarushi loved him so much.

###

Aarushi's panties were now soaked. She wanted the ground to swallow her up. She wanted to move countries and change her name. She wanted this stupid curse to be lifted. It would be seconds before her secret accident became very public. Once her panties were saturated, there was no hiding it. The urine ran down her legs, splattering on the floor below.

Mickey was still talking about Everton's prospects when he noticed. "What's that sound?" he asked, oblivious to what was going on.

In a flustered attempt to cut from the studio whilst they worked out what the hell was going on, the producer accidentally switched to a wide shot. 14 million people were now watching Aarushi Basu pissing herself live on Sky Sports. There was no hiding the wet patch in her light blue dress. Aarushi stood there, shellshocked as the urine kept flowing.

###

"Fuckkkkkkkkk," Izzy and Scott climaxed in unison. Almost immediately, she felt overwhelmed by guilt. "Oh my God I'm a terrible person."

Scott eased out of her. "You're not a terrible person."

"Thanks, that makes me feel way better," Izzy scoffed.

"Look we definitely shouldn't have done this, but she cheated on me first," he reasoned.

"Yeah but she never cheated on me. I mean she fucking loves you Scott," she cried.

"And yet she let you piss on her face. That's not one mistake is it? You guys must have been fucking behind my back forever," Scott was crying now too. "And what is it with you and piss?"

"It was only one time I swear," Izzy made eye contact to try and emphasise her point. She ignored his piss comment. She felt her bladder rapidly filling up. "I need to pee."

"Again?" Scott raised his eyebrow. Izzy grabbed her phone and dashed to the toilet, as her bladder reached bursting point.

She sighed as she relieved herself, her pee loudly pummelling the toilet bowl. I hope Aarushi made it to the toilet, she thought as she checked her Twitter For You page.

**

"Embarrassing from this girl on Sky Sports, she just asked Von Gaal the same question twice. Woke sky replacing men who actually understand the game with this rubbish"

@MrEngland69

"wtf is going on? this presenter looks like she's about to piss herself"

@KateM2001

"Aarushi Basu is clearly very unwell, can we allow her some dignity and stop sharing that video please?"

@SofiaEdwardsBBC

**

Izzy felt her heart racing as a text came through from Aarushi.

"I'm going to fucking kill you."

*011*2024-06-25 15:11

Six

It was quiet in the staffroom, so Izzy pulled out her phone and continued her research from earlier. Her search history popped up as she went to the search bar.

'utopia new cross curse'

'elizabeth hardchester pee'

'the intertwining'

'the intertwining missing page'

'how to hold pee when desperate'

'omorashi.org'

She searched for the contact details of Utopia. She vaguely remembered that you could organise to view the book of curses, and that seemed like the best place to start if they were going to solve the mystery. Three days had passed since Aarushi's accident, but she was now finally starting to forgive Izzy for what happened. Not that she knew the full story of what Izzy and Scott were up to whilst she was humiliating herself in front of millions. As far as Aarushi was concerned, Scott hadn't been anywhere near the flat since storming out that fateful morning. Izzy had barely stopped thinking about him since they had sex. She found the email address for the owner and started a draft.

###

It was almost midday by the time Aarushi woke up. And the only reason she woke up was because her bladder was throbbing. She'd barely felt Izzy's morning pee transfer to her bladder, but she certainly felt the coffee Izzy had undoubtedly been guzzling all morning. She sent a quick text.

"Iz I'm bursting, is now a good time to pee?"

She squirmed under her bedsheets waiting for a response, grabbing her naked crotch with her hand. Thankfully she didn't have to wait long.

"yeah go piss girl!"

"might go to utopia after work, see if we can sort this shit out"

@@Aarushi dashed to the toilet, sighing with relief as her tortured bladder deflated. The shiver came, reminding her that she was no longer the Queen Bladder, and reminding her to stop pissing, no matter how much she wanted to. The Queen Bladder was a term that the two of them came up with last night. The Queen Bladder was essentially the dominant bladder, the one which was being filled. So when Aarushi held the Queen Bladder, any liquids consumed by either of them would go straight to Aarushi's bladder. Once Aarushi peed and felt the shiver, Izzy would then hold the Queen Bladder, and any liquids consumed by either of them would go straight to her bladder. Aarushi had had a lot of time to think during her time off. She wondered if there were any long term negative side effects to what was happening. There didn't seem to be, beyond the anxiety of not having full control over such a basic function. She was thankful at least that they were still able to shit independently. Unsatisfied but no longer on the verge of exploding, she finished her wee, wiped, and flushed.

"Thanks gal, enjoy being Queen Bladder" she replied.

###

@@Izzy had five minutes until her next lesson. She'd sent the email to the manager of Utopia, asking if she could pop in to have a read of the book. She hadn't explained their predicament yet, she didn't want them to think she was a time waster. She checked Twitter quickly. Aarushi was still very much the top story. Every tweet seemingly a different angle on the story: from the 'Be Kind' crowd reminding everyone that there was a real and vulnerable person at the centre of this story, to the trolls posting the gif of Aarushi's dress darkening slowly in response. The official line from Sky Sports was that 'Aarushi Basu unfortunately became unwell during today's broadcast of Premier League today, and suffered a nasty reaction to some anti-biotics. We wish Aarushi all the best in her recovery, and would like to remind everyone that she is a kind and intelligent broadcaster who deserves our sympathy after a distressing incident.' Izzy scoffed when she saw that 'They should be apologising for not stopping the cameras.' Izzy took Monday and Tuesday off, worried about Aarushi doing something drastic. But after a few days caring for her flatmate, as well as trying to patch up their friendship, she felt confident that Aarushi was okay to fend for herself. Izzy walked past the toilets. It felt weird not using them before a lesson - normally she'd go no matter what, living in fear of wetting herself in front of a rowdy Year 9 class. She remembered a few close calls whilst she was training. In one of her first lessons, she was so nervous that she couldn't stop drinking water. So focussed on preparing her classroom to teach, she forgot to leave herself time to go to the toilet. It was one of the worst lessons she'd ever taught, and a well meaning Year 7 girl asked her if she was okay because she kept squirming so much. She almost bowled over several of the children as she ran to the toilet, already spurting into her knickers. Even just a few weeks ago, she had to ask a teaching assistant to cover her Year 8s because she was 'absolutely dying for a wee', having not had time to go in between lessons.

###

Bored of daytime TV, Aarushi decided to give the cryptic crossword a go. She was fairly new to them, but one of her New Year's resolutions was to try and challenge herself to do new things. She opened up the app, using Izzy's iPad as in her emotional state on Sunday, she'd left hers at the studio. She sipped her tea, very careful to not drink too quickly and overwhelm Izzy's bladder.

'1 across - material used by celebrities at interviews' she studied the clue carefully, before identifying the hidden material (celebrities at interviews).' Satisfied, she looked to solve another when a notification came through. Her heart leapt into her mouth as she realised who the message was from - her ex-boyfriend Scott.

'Hey I'm sorry for the long message but I feel we should speak about what happened the other day. I've never...' the preview of the message showed no more. If Aarushi wanted to read the rest, she'd have to open the message fully. Her mind raced, what does he mean? What happened the other day? Have they been talking about the break up? Why is he talking to Izzy, she's as much at fault as I am? Aarushi resisted opening the message.

For about one minute. The urge to read on was far too strong. And she wished she hadn't. She was jealous of the Aarushi from two minutes ago, whose only problem was embarrassing herself in front of the entire world on national TV. Now she had that burden, plus the issue of working out what the fuck she was going to do when Izzy got home, now in the knowledge that she and Scott were fucking whilst she was wetting herself on TV.

Furious, Aarushi grabbed the large bottle of water she kept by her bed, filled it to the brim and began to chug. Once the bottle was empty, she filled it up again and chugged once more.

###

Izzy was half way through teaching her Year 10s about Romeo and Juliet when the urge hit her. It was her bottom set, a nice but quite lively group, who had little interest in Shakespeare. Normally, Izzy was happy to indulge them with a tangent about her personal life, or a bit of banter, but it was weeks until their mocks and she was very worried about their grasp on the content. One of the boys had just asked her if Verona was named after former Manchester United player Juan Sebastian Veron. She was explaining who the Montagues and Capulets were for the billionth time when she realised something was very wrong. She halted mid sentence to compose herself, trying her best to not let her desperation show.

"Miss are you alright?" Ruby asked, a well meaning but incredibly workshy student.

"Yeah I'm fine, just got a bit of stomach ache," she lied. "Tell you what, why don't you read Chapter 3 for the next ten minutes, then we'll have a discussion together."

The intensity of her desperation was overwhelming and like nothing she'd ever experienced before. She knew she had maximum five minutes before the decision of where to urinate would be taken out of her hands. What the hell is Rushi playing at? she thought as an intense wave of desperation threatened to overwhelm her. She bit her lip. This was not the sort of class she could leave unattended. Not without getting in serious trouble anyway. Needing a solution quickly, she sent an all staff email.

"Please could someone come to C7 and watch my Year 10s for two minutes ASAP?" Izzy debated whether to write 'it's an emergency' but she didn't want to give the wrong impression. She sent and prayed.

"Miss?" it was Ruby again. "Can you come over and explain this bit to me, I don't get it."

"Sure," Izzy reluctantly responded. Every step she took towards Ruby was a trial, her bladder practically screaming to be emptied. As she started to bend down to reach Ruby's level, a long spurt of wee escaped, running down the leg of her grey work trousers. She opted to stay stood up instead. As Ruby was talking, she could barely concentrate on what she was staying, she kept glancing at the door praying someone would come to relieve her. Literally.

"Miss can I go to the loo?" Martha shouted out. Martha was a student who asked to go to the toilet pretty much every lesson.

"No," was all Izzy could muster.

"But I'm busting miss, it's my human rights," Martha cried.

"You're in Year 10, and you ask to go to the toilet every lesson. You need to start managing your time better. I'm not allowed to go to the toilet during lessons, so why should you?" Izzy snapped.

"It's my human rights," Martha snarled.

"Look you're not going to the toilet and neither am I," Izzy lied.

Martha groaned, and put her head on the desk, her standard reaction to not getting her way.

"Miss are you alright?" Ruby asked again, noticing that her teacher was now unable to stand still.

"Yes, I just don't feel very well," Izzy explained, hoping for no more questions. She saw Mr Turner appear at the door. "Look, I'll be back in two minutes, I just need to take care of something really quick."

She hobbled out of the classroom, wincing with every step. It felt like just a single drop more liquid entering her bladder would overwhelm her exhausted organ. She felt like the walls of her bladder were literally about to burst open, filling her entire body with urine. This was a level of desperation she'd never reached before. The crotch of her panties was now sodden with pee, and it was only a matter of time before the wet spot showed.

"You watch, I bet she goes for a piss," Izzy overheard Martha say to her friend. "Fucking hypocritical bitch." Izzy was far too desperate to reprimand her use of language.

"What's the issue?" Mr Turner asked. Mr Turner was the deputy head, a stickler for the school rules, with a notoriously harsh bathroom policy. Izzy was literally dancing in front of him at this point.

"I'm really desperate for the toilet," Izzy admitted. She felt like a Year 7.

Mr Turner scoffed "You mean to tell me a paid member of staff can't hold their bladder for a one hour lesson?"

"Can we discuss this later, I'm seriously about to burst," Izzy pleaded, as another spurt ran down her leg.

Mr Turner shook his head, but then saw a dark spot on the crotch of Izzy's trousers. "Quickly. We will be discussing this in my office later," he added, unnecessarily.

She was one minute from relief. The toilets were just a short walk up the stairs, but in Izzy's predicament, that walk took twice as long. She swore she could hear the urine sloshing in her bladder with each step, and she knew that any interruption would surely result in a full blown accident. The sight of the ladies loos was almost enough to break the dam. She pushed the door. In her frantic state, she hadn't seen the sign. In desperation, she pushed the door to the gents. Same story. It was too late for a Plan C.

The wet patch on her crotch spread, her urine pattered against the floor. Even the euphoric relief was not enough to make this moment feel like anything other than a catastrophic low for Izzy. As urine exploded out of her body at a volume she didn't think was possible, she wondered what on earth Aarushi had been doing to make her feel this desperate. She was alone, thankfully. No one else to see the fully grown teacher wetting herself at work. The puddle forming below her would have to be cleared up, and she had no idea how she was going to make it back to her classroom without everyone seeing her sodden trousers. As her bladder finally emptied, sprinted to her car, and began to think of what to do next.

*014*2024-07-08 16:55

Seven

The next hour was a blur for Izzy. She managed to escape to her car unseen, hurriedly text her boss about a family emergency, and get on the road, but her mind was racing. Her trousers were absolutely soaked, but there was zero respite for her bladder. She was now sat in traffic, and felt her bladder refilling once more. She tried to phone Aarushi, but got no answer. As she felt her exhausted organ reach bursting point once again, her stream began, involuntarily gushing out and rushing down the leather seats onto the floor. Aarushi still wasn't answering.

###

Aarushi sat naked on the toilet. She felt an anger she'd never felt before, as another forceful stream erupted out of her. Her head felt hot, her eyes burned as she pictured it, Scott's perfect cock thrusting inside Izzy. His moans as Izzy brought him to orgasm. Izzy's round tits bouncing as she straddled him. How could he do this to her? How could she do this to her? At the moment, the only thing that brought her any sort of happiness was the image of Izzy at school, wetting herself in front of her students. Suffering the same embarrassment as she faced live on TV just three days ago.

###

The footwell was now starting to flood with urine, as Izzy wet herself for the seventh time that journey. Thankfully, the front door of the building to her flat was in sight. She pulled the handbrake up, and opened the door, allowing the urine to flow out of the car. The seat was ruined, and she had no idea how much it would cost to fix. Even the relief of emptying her full bladder wasn't a consolation as Izzy's mind spiralled. What the fuck is Aarushi doing? she thought once again. Is this some horrific next stage of the curse? Or something more sinister? Her bladder was now empty, but she knew it would be minutes before it filled back up. Desperate to avoid being seen, she sprinted into the building and called the lift. Mercifully, the lift came quickly. Less mercifully, she saw her neighbour Todd running towards her.

"Thanks," an out of breath Todd panted. Izzy liked Todd. They had a sort of flirty will they/won't they thing going on. They hadn't slept together but Izzy always felt it was a matter of time. He sniffed. "Do you smell piss?" At least he's not noticed the soaking wet trousers... Izzy thought to herself.

"Oh yeah, it smelt of piss this morning, reckon the lads from upstairs overdid it again," Izzy convincingly smirked. She shivered.

"That'll be fucking Greg again. The guy's a liability, he told me he shat himself on the bus last week," Todd laughed. "What a wanker."

"That's gross," Izzy winced, as her bladder hurtled towards breaking point. One more floor.

The lift pinged, the door opened, but Todd did not move.

"Hey, so this is a bit of a rogue one, but do you fancy coming to a gig with me Friday night? Got a spare ticket, could maybe grab a drink before hand?" he asked, lacking his usual confidence.

"That'd be great, text me!" Izzy replied, now having to twist her legs to halt the inevitable tide.

"Awesome, so they're called Prick Party, they're a bit experimental but..." Izzy couldn't focus on the conversation, as her bladder was now at capacity. She tried desperately to hold back the tide, and non-verbally indicate to Todd that she was bursting for a wee. She had no idea how he hadn't realised yet, as she couldn't keep still. She smiled to hide the pain, but inside, her bladder felt as if it was about to explode into a million pieces. This was the longest she'd tried to hold it at bursting point, but she could feel the inevitable coming. Piss exploded out of her urethra violently, cascading dramatically down each already sodden leg. Todd stopped himself mid-sentence, as he watched the beautiful neighbour he'd had a crush on since their first meeting, wetting herself uncontrollably in front of him. His face reddened, though admittedly he was nowhere near as embarrassed as Izzy, who'd turned the colour of a Royal Mail postbox.

"I'm so sorry, I was absolutely busting," Izzy couldn't meet his eyes.

"It's honestly fine, I'm sorry I should have realised," Todd smiled sympathetically. Izzy couldn't help but notice he was using his hand to hide his crotch.

"Look I'd better..." Izzy started.

"Yep of course. I'll text you later," Todd left the lift, and Izzy was fairly certain she knew what he'd be doing next.

###

Aarushi was halfway through her piss when Izzy appeared at the door.

"YOU FUCKING BITCH!" Izzy yelled, running towards her like a bull to a matador.

"OH FUCK YOU, I KNOW WHAT YOU DID!" Aarushi shouted.

In a fit of rage, Izzy pushed Aarushi off the toilet. Aarushi continued to pee, her urine jetting upwards as she lay on the ground. Izzy sat on top of Aarushi's naked stomach.

"I could have been sacked Rushi," Izzy cried. "Teaching is all I have."

"Oh grow up, at least you didn't wet yourself live on TV. At least your best friend didn't sleep with your boyfriend," Aarushi was now tearing up.

Izzy had now started weeing. "I'm really sorry Rushi, I know I fucked up. I've fucked up so badly. But he's not your boyfriend anymore."

"Fuck off, that's not the fucking point!" Aarushi shouted. Izzy's warm piss pooled round her stomach, before dripping down the sides of her body.

"I know, I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that. It didn't mean anything though, I swear," Izzy cried. The two shivered.

"Didn't mean anything?? You fucked each other whilst I went through the most humiliating experience of my life on live TV. I will never be considered a serious journalist. And that's your fault," Aarushi cried.

"I'm so sorry Rush," Izzy could barely speak through the tears. Aarushi was now pissing onto the floor. "I understand if you never want to speak to me again. But we need to find a way to work out how to fix this. We can't live our lives like this."

Aarushi nodded, as urine continued to jet out of her. As she reached the halfway point, she forced herself to stop. "Okay, let's work this out."

*015*2024-07-16 16:01

Eight

The two sat next to the cloakroom. In silence. They were in Utopia. They silently noted how grim it looked when it was 3pm and they weren't drunk off of 2-for-1 jagerbombs. The foyer smelt of stale Red Bull and vomit, whilst posters from as far back as 2012 covered the wall, many of them defaced or torn. Aarushi crossed her legs. She held the Queen Bladder at this point, and whilst she was by no means desperate, she definitely needed a wee. Izzy felt more like herself after showering and putting on a fresh pair of clothes, but she still was paralysed by fear that someone at school spotted her wetting herself. Or that she'd be sanctioned for leaving work early.

"Do you want to come through?" the voice was that of Bill Mansfield, joint owner of Utopia, a short, gruff, sweaty man.

The office was exactly how you'd expect the office of a night club owner to look: messy, cramped, and with very little natural light. Aarushi and Izzy sat on a leather sofa that made the meeting feel like the start to a porn film.

"So what can I do for you ladies?" Bill wheezed.

"Well... this is going to sound crazy, but we think we might have been cursed," Aarushi could barely look Bill in the eyes. He raised his eyebrows.

"Right...." he looked at his watch.

"Look we know how it sounds, but we don't think there's any other explanation. Please can we see the book of curses?" Izzy asked.

Bill rubbed his temples. "Which curse is it?"

"We think the Intertwining," Izzy said.

Bill scoffed "Doesn't look like it. We don't just let anyone look at the book you know?"

"Your website says you do," Aarushi interjected. "And anyway, we are intertwined."

"Prove it," Bill laughed.

"And how are we supposed to do that?" Izzy glared at Bill.

"You know... prove to me your bladders are actually intertwined and I'll let you see the book," Bill could barely contain his excitement.

"You fucking creep there's no way we're going to..." Aarushi started.

"Can we talk outside for a minute?" Izzy interrupted.

Aarushi nodded, and the two briefly left the office.

"Look this guy's a fucking creep, but we need answers," Izzy reasoned. "Let's do what he wants now, and get him arrested later."

"I don't know Izzy, it feels like we're allowing him to get away with being super pervy. I mean, he spent that entire conversation looking at your tits," Aarushi moaned.

"We can't go on like this," Izzy hissed. "The sooner we get this sorted the better. Even if that means showing your vag to this sleazy dickhead."

Aarushi rolled her eyes. "Fine, I'm dying for a wee anyway."

Izzy popped her head back in the office, "Okay, come with us."

###

Bill had actually bought a chair into the ladies toilets with him. He sat opposite the girls, who were in adjacent stalls, doors wide open.

"Okay are you ready?" Aarushi asked, now desperate to urinate.

Bill nodded, his horniness rendering him unable to speak. Aarushi sighed her pent up pee left her body, splashing loudly against the toilet water. Bill could barely contain himself as he watched this beautiful lady relieve herself in front of him. He almost came in his boxers when she saw a glimpse of her pubic hair. Aarushi and Izzy shivered. Izzy's bladder swelled. Izzy had already ascertained that she couldn't pee whilst Aarushi peed, so she had to wait for her stream to finish to feel relief. As Izzy's bladder approached its maximum capacity, Aarushi's tank emptied completely. Bill's attentions turned to Izzy, whose pee stream seemed even more intense. The process repeated itself, and as Izzy's bladder emptied, Aarushi was ready to pop again. The two repeated this a few more times, just to make sure Bill understood the curse.

"So you see?" Aarushi asked, as she pulled her knickers up, using her hand to hide her vagina from Bill's eyes, which were practically bursting out of their sockets.

"Okay okay, I'll show you the page. But bear in mind, half of it is missing."

*016*2024-08-02 14:33

Spell 58 - The Intertwining

This spell is one of my favourites, however I have only ever used it once. On June 27th in the year of our lord 1583, after a long shift at The Hardchester Arms, I found myself with an urgent need to use the chamberpot. Our public house had a private place for patrons to make water, unlike any of the other drinking establishments in the vicinity. As such, many wealthy men and women visited The Harchester Arms. Most looked down on John and I, and by this point, many people had started to suspect that I myself was a witch. In particular, two spiteful sisters - Agnus and Jane Harrington- would torment me, asking me to fly on my broom, or throwing ale at me to see if I'd snap and turn them into an insect. My need to urinate grew to a point where I could no longer bear it, so I went to relieve myself. As I enjoyed the most heavenly urination of my life, the two sisters banged on the door.

"Hurry up witch, I simply must use the pot."

"I'm fit to burst, come on."

"You'll have to let me go first, as I'm about to have an accident."

"No chance, I'm already leaking into my undergarments."

As I thought of the two outside, suffering in blissful agony, the idea came to me - I could create a bind between the two organs, meaning one of them would permanently be in pain. It would be the perfect retribution for all the suffering these two have caused me. So I cast the spell around the chamberpot, ensuring that the next two to enter with full bladders would be cursed forever, or until I decide to lift the spell. The spell worked perfectly, and I will never forget the screams coming from the chamberpot as the two realised their plight.

To cast the spell, you must release your full bladder and whisper the phrase 'vesicae implexis' three times. You must also-

*017*2024-08-02 16:24

TW: Abusive relationships

Nine

"Tea?"

The voice was that of Tilly Winter. Or as Izzy and Aarushi knew her, the dishevelled blonde who used the bathroom before them on that fateful day in Utopia. Only this Tilly seemed very different. She was composed, a naturally beautiful lady with a radiant smile. Her teeth gleamed a perfect white, and she didn't at all seem phased by the two strangers in her house. Half an hour ago, she'd received the call from Bill Mansfield, as CCTV had identified her as one of the two people who used the bathroom in Utopia. As no one knew who the man was, Bill phoned Tilly to ask if she'd meet Izzy and Aarushi for a chat. They were all surprised when Tilly offered to meet the two ladies in her flat twenty minute walk away from Utopia.

"Yes please," Izzy and Aarushi replied, not wanting to seem rude. Neither could work out who was in control of the Queen Bladder.

The flat was immaculately kept, with very little in the way of decoration. It almost looked as though she'd only just moved in, but there were no signs of cardboard boxes anywhere. Izzy and Aarushi sat on the green sofa, the frostiness of their earlier fight yet to thaw. Tilly came out with three large mugs of tea, and a plate of chocolate biscuits.

"So Bill tells me I might be able to help you with your predicament?" Tilly asked. "This intertwining thing? Can't say I've heard of it before."

"We just have some questions. Why did you go in with your... boyfriend?" Aarushi asked, not wanting to assume their relationship.

"Oh that?" Tilly giggled. "To be honest, we'd both had quite a bit to drink, and we wanted to go somewhere... more private."

"Really?" Izzy inquired. "Because you looked quite upset afterwards, are you sure you wanted it?"

Tilly's smile disappeared. "I don't appreciate what you're implying."

Aarushi sipped her tea. "Okay so you were having sex?"

Tilly shifted in her seat, "Yes I suppose," she replied tersely.

"And did you urinate whilst you were in there?" Aarushi added.

"Yes, I did urinate whilst I was in there," Tilly scoffed, donning an exaggerated British accent on the word 'urinate'.

"Would you say you had a full bladder?" Izzy asked.

"Why is that relevant?" Tilly blushed.

"Look I appreciate these questions are weird, but it would really help us if you just answered them with no judgement," Aarushi snapped.

Tilly averted her glaze. "This is a little embarrassing, but me and G have this thing where he controls when I go to the toilet. So yeah, I had to go so so badly, but he wouldn't let me go until I'd made him cum. By the time he'd cum, I was absolutely bursting to go, I'd been holding it all day pretty much." She saw Izzy and Aarushi's eyes widen. "It's fine. It's consensual, I promise." She crossed her legs and glanced at the clock.

As Izzy sipped her tea, she became aware of the fullness in her bladder, confirming the Queen Bladder issue. "Did you chant anything whilst you peeing?"

"No." Tilly replied, her eyes now regularly darting towards the bathroom.

"Tilly, if you need a break we don't mind," Izzy recognised the issue. "I could do with a trip to the loo in a minute anyway."

"No it's fine!" Tilly blurted. Her constant crossing and uncrossing of her legs betrayed her attempt to keep a cool and calm demeanour.

"Suit yourself. Do you mind if I...?" Izzy asked, gesturing towards the toilet. "That tea's gone straight through me."

"Go ahead," Tilly whispered, looking towards the floor.

As Izzy headed to the bathroom, Aarushi studied Tilly intently. "What about your boyfriend? Did he use the toilet?"

Tilly shook her head. "He won't use the toilet in front of me."

Aarushi furrowed her brow "Why?"

"I don't fucking know, he's a private man," Tilly snapped, her speech becoming increasingly loud and erratic. She looked at her watch again. "Come onnnnnnnn," she murmured.

"He's making you hold it again isn't he?" Aarushi asked.

"No, I told you I don't need to go," Tilly replied, trying to convince herself more than Aarushi.

"We can help you, Tilly. I've seen people in relationships like this before, and no matter what he might have said, this is abusive," Aarushi's voice cracked a little.

"I love G and nothing you say or do will change that," a single tear drop escaped Tilly's eye.

"What's his name?" Aarushi asked.

"G." Tilly mumbled.

"His real name."

"Everyone calls him G." Tilly was now bouncing in her seat.

"Okay." Aarushi opted not to push it. "Please could you get me a glass of water?" She had no intention of torturing Tilly but she wanted her to admit she had to go.

Tilly's eyes widened. "Really?"

"I'm parched," Aarushi insisted.

"Of course." Aarushi could see Tilly's pain with each step she took towards the kitchen. Her bladder was barely hidden by her black t shirt, and she was fairly sure she was trying to hold herself surreptitiously through her skirt as she grabbed her glass. Indeed, Tilly was forced to clench everything as the tap filled up, her urine now desperate for release.

"Here you go," Tilly's voice quivered as she passed Aarushi the water. She could barely stifle her whimpers as Aarushi comically swished the water around in the glass and took dramatically over the top sips from the glass. However drinking the water reminded her of something - Izzy had gone to the toilet yet her bladder wasn't filling up.

"I'm just going to check on Iz." Tilly could only nod, but as soon as Aarushi was out of her eyeline, she grabbed her pussy for dear life.

"Iz?" Aarushi called out. No answer. "Iz?" she called louder. She reached the bathroom door. Locked. She rattled the door desperately. "IZ?!!!" In a panic, she ran back into the living room. "Tilly I need some help!"

However they were no long alone in the house. Two police officers stood at the door, Tilly frozen in her place.

As one officer handcuffed her, the other read her rights. "Tilly Winter, you're under arrest on suspicion of an attempt to cause harm or distress to innocent members of the public. You do not have to say anything. but it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence.”

Tilly tried to protest her innocence, ask what was going on, beg to be allowed to use the toilet first. But in her state of shock, no words would come out. Aarushi could only stand and watch as Tilly was forced into the police car, unable to process any of the events which just happened. Seconds later, she lost consciousness.

