Madison Danforth Taken Hostage (Arrow) one-shot

Author: Nik591

*000*2024-04-14 18:55

Hey guys, I’m a longtime browser and in my second rewatch of Arrow I found a bit of inspiration while watching 4x2 where there was a bit of a hostage sitch and I decided to write my first fic. I hope you enjoy it and please let me know what I can do better in the future.

###

My mom Jessica Danforth is running for mayor of Star City, I’m her daughter Madison Danforth. And this is a journal entry of the events that took place today.

I’m a 20 year old, Caucasian girl with blonde hair and on this day I was wearing a black vest, white undershirt and maroon (no underwear) jeans paired with black boots and white socks.

After the attack at my mom’s mayoral announcement, I decided to go to the library to study for my finals at school. On my way there I realized that I had to pee so I figured that I’d go once I got there.

I had some security officers with me and then on the way there this freak show that I later learned was named Lonnie Machin attacked the car I was in, killing the security officers and knocking me out…

When I woke up I found that I had to pee rather desperately and I was bound with leather straps on some post type things in a garage door type archway I didn’t know what I was going to do I hoped someone was going to come and rescue me before I wet myself but I wasn’t too confident in that and the psycho was out somewhere doing God knows what…

And about 15 minutes after I woke up he returned looking very mad and said something about a meeting that went very poorly, he then proceeded to open a cabinet of apparent torture devices and it became clear that he wanted to unleash his anger onto me suffice it to say I was terrified, and I said that he could let me go and he seemed to be persuaded by that as long as I didn’t tell I nodded rapidly and he released my arms from the ropes and had me pinky swear I managed to hide my urge quite well apart from until this next part.

He said that he changed his mind and then broke my hand it was incredibly excruciating and when that happened my dam burst and it started just as a little trickle making a small wet spot at my crotch and some between my legs but then seeing as I didn’t have much of any hope in making it I just closed my eyes and with a sigh let go and started fully drenching my jeans it quickly spread across my thighs and butt cheeks and then it started trailing down my legs to my knees, to my ankles and then finally it started to fall into my black boots, dying my socks a light yellow and it started to make a puddle that was about 3 feet in diameter he took a step back to avoid my puddle. My pants had very few dry spots left on them when I finished and it felt amazing but then the fear began to set in even if I was rescued I would be drenched and humiliated but worse still if I wasn’t rescued I was scared that he’d hurt me worse than he has already.

But when I opened my eyes and looked up from my mess I could see that he was in shock and stunned so then I punched him in the nards and ran for it I managed to escape and on my way out I heard a shattering of glass in the roof I later learned that was team arrow and they had apprehended him and once I had enough distance away I called 911 and they got me to the hospital where I got a cast for my hand they decided I should stay overnight.

And I resigned to that fact, but they were nice enough to get me a change of clothes before any visitors came and about 10 minutes later my mom, Oliver and Thea came to check up on me and they were all relieved that I was mostly alright apart from the hand of course my mom stayed overnight and then we left the following morning, and seeing as doctors are awesome nobody found out about my accident that night without me mentioning it. I think I might want to try wetting again because despite the circumstances that felt AMAZING and I will ensure I will have a whole lot more control of how and where it happens.

THE END

