Bedwetting Blunders At Camp Wellspring ~Revenge Hypnosis~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2024-04-14 21:08

Here's the next Bedwetting Blunders story! I'm not sure if I wanna continue this or for how much longer, but I hope you enjoyed it regardless.

Sorry this was late too. I had scrapped the original version of this because I wasn't happy with it. Also I was working on a Nijisanji series I had also scrapped in light of the recent events and allegations.

In it's place, I'm actually thinking of making a new messing series based on the Persona series. If you have any input on what you'd like to see, please let me know!

“Stop it!”

“As if! Hey girls, we got a little baby over here!” Jax beckoned her clique as she stepped on her victim with her black, high-rise boots. Donning a sharp, neo-goth aesthetic with her partly-shaved hair, she pinned the poor girl to the ground as she pulled her dress up.

“Just leave me alone!” Amy, who laid on the ground crying, had suffered from physical development issues for most of her life, leading not only to her being smaller than most teens, but having issues controlling her bladder too. For the longest time, she had been very diligent about hiding her padding under long, flowing pastel dresses. But now, she’s in a losing battle to hide her wet diaper at summer camp against the school’s biggest bully.

“What’s wrong? It can happen to anyone, right? No need to be ashamed, right?” Jax teased. As if on cue, the rest of her group surrounded Amy.

“Aww, so cute!” Allie cooed. Hailing from a very affluent background, she was the first to join Jax’s group, able to coerce people with money only to set them up for the fall. Making eye contact with Amy, she imitated sucking her thumb and crying.

“Damn, she really soaked it,” Zoey said as she squished Amy’s diaper against her. She chuckled to herself, thinking about how there’s viewers of her camshows that would die to see her like this. Zoey, having been held back a grade, had always been happy to use her body as a commodity, and to an extent, got freaky with her kinks too. Her creativity was a key player in many of the group’s bullying tactics.

“Hey, isn’t this a bit too far?” Kara, Jax’s younger sister, asked with some concern. It was rare that she participated in any of the group’s antics, often acting as the voice of reason. The only reason she hung out with them was that she admired how strong and confident her older sister was and would even go as far as mimicking her looks.

“HEY! What’s going on over there?!” One of the camp counselors began to march up to the scene.

“Shit, party’s over girls. Time to scram,” Jax instructed, the girls following her away at a brisk pace.

“Hey hun, everything alright?” The counselor comforted the weeping girl.

“I-I…” she couldn’t bring herself to say anything as the counselor took her to the nurse, however, internally she had one thought repeating in her mind.

“I’ll make them pay.”

“That shit was too funny!” Jax bursted out laughing, pulling her white crop top over her large breasts, her purple boyshorts otherwise exposed.

“Y’all are really too much sometimes,” Kara criticized the group as she got dressed in her sleepwear, which matched her sister’s own save the underwear, opting for blue, brief-style panties instead. “We could seriously get in hot water for that.”

“Don’t worry baby girl.” Zoey pulled up a pair of sparkling pink gym shorts but was otherwise naked. “Did you see her face? She doesn’t have the guts to do anything to us, especially now that we know her little secret.”

“Plus, if she tries anything, I can just make sure a package of diapers appears at her front door every morning.” Allie let out a haughty laugh. Her white and gold-laced dress stuck out like a sore thumb, barely hiding her similarly luxurious silver-lace panties.

“Whatever you guys say, I guess,” the younger sister said dismissively. The group chatted idly amongst themselves before passing out in their beds.

Amy carefully closed the door behind her as she entered the bullies’ cabin. She checked the time on her phone before turning up the volume and placing it in the center of the cabin. Pulling up YouTube, she played a video titled "Sleep Hypnosis | Bedwetting/Weak Bladder”. The short girl had her doubts on whether or not the hypnosis would work. She’d spent hours searching online for a real hypnosis audio until she found this one, where the comments swore up and down that it genuinely worked.

Anxious about being caught and giddy about the prospect of turning her bullies into bedwetters like her, she sat patiently for the video’s duration. Around an hour in, Amy was getting impatient, unsure of if she’d have any success, but just then, Jax started to grumble and shuffle. Amy initially thought the bully was waking up until she had heard a faint hissing noise coming from her. Within seconds, similar noises came from every bed. “No way…,” she thought to herself, before going to cautiously check each girl’s sheets. Wet. Wet. Wet. Wet.

“Yes!” Amy exclaimed before covering her mouth.

“Hmmmm,” Kara moaned as another small trickle left her bladder and added to the puddle beneath her. She turned over onto her side before snoring softly.

“Oooh, I can’t wait for this morning,” Amy thought with glee. Sparing no time, she collected her phone and snapped pictures of the girls before fleeing the scene.

“WHAT THE FUCK?!” Jax screamed at the top of her lungs, startling the other girls awake. The bedding was completely soaked, and the puddle grew large enough to soak the back of her top.

“Mmm, what gives? H-huh?” Kara stirred awake before feeling wet all over her body. Sitting up, she saw her entire body wet in her urine, soaked from spending the whole night tossing and turning in her puddle. Her perky tits poked through her now yellow crop top.

“Wow, that’s a lot.” Zoey stared down at her wet shorts and bedding, equal parts aroused and embarrassed as she grappled with discovering a humiliating new fetish.

“Ugh, do you have any idea how much these clothes cost?” Allie whined, her pee travelling up her stomach in her sleep, completely soaking the front of her lavish dress.

“Girls get up!” The camp counselor called from outside. “We have to discuss your actions yesterday with the head counselor. Panicking, the girls scrambled back under their sheets as the counselor entered. “What’s wrong? Hurry up and get out of bed.”

“G-give us a s-sec, ‘kay?” Jax stammered. “We gotta change clothes first.”

“Huh, weird of you to care about modesty,” the counselor joked, leaning her back against the wall and tipping her hat. “Don’t let me stop you.”

“B-but…,” Allie started, but realizing the gig was probably up, slowly got out of bed and revealed her soaked state to the older woman. It wasn’t long before the other girls reluctantly followed suit.

“Well, I’ll be damned,” the counselor said, flabbergasted. “Guess the devil has some jokes in his book.”

“OW! FUCK! STOP!” Jax screamed out. One after another, the neo-goth’s behind was wacked with an oak paddle as she lay bent over the head counselor’s knee. In front of them stood the other girls, butts as red as Mars, and plain-print diapers firmly strapped around their waists. Each girl had various reactions to their punishment, from regret to anger to horniness, but each girl shared a feeling of humiliation never felt before in their lives. Standing next to the counselor was Amy, a sly grin on her face as she watched the events unfold. She felt completely satisfied, her own wet diaper notwithstanding. After Jax was properly paddled and pampered, she was sent back in line with the other bullies and instructed to apologize to the girl.

“Sorry,” the four said in unison.

“Apology accepted,” Amy replied. Between this incident and the photos she took, she took pride in knowing she had complete control over her once bullies.

The rest of camp played out interestingly. Aside from the events that unfolded that night, the bullies continued to wet themselves at night, only this time in their diapers. Inversely, Amy’s bedwetting seemed to stop, at least for the time being, further embarrassing the group. What’s more, the hypnosis also had the added effect of weakening the girls’ bladder control during the daytime too, leading to the occasional accident and humiliating diaper checks by the counselors. Although she showed no love for most of them, Amy did feel bad for putting Kara in the same position as everyone else. After all, although she was complicit, she never actually did anything and was the one who told the other girls to stop.

Before returning to school, the two met up privately and reconciled, becoming friends in the process. Kara promised to leave the bully clique and keep her scheme a secret in return for her own hypnosis being undone and her pictures being deleted. On the first day of school, Amy and Kara were on their way to becoming close friends, while Jax, Allie and Zoey were kept in diapers by their families. While no one dared say anything out of risk of being harassed, the loud crinkling under their clothes left little to the imagination. Zoey made the most of it, even going as far as incorporating diapers and watersports into her camshows. Allie threatened to sue anyone who even thought about it, while Jax promised to stomp them into oblivion. However, regardless of each one’s thoughts, none of the affected girls suspected Amy’s revenge plot and never reversed the hypnosis inflicted onto them at Camp Wellspring.

