The Start of Spring

Author: NeuroNonsense

*000*2017-04-01 02:21

He was on his way home from the office, on a mildly warm day. It was the kind of day where you start to forget it was technically winter a week ago. It was the comfortable transition between seasons that left a gentle calmness over everything. He loved being outdoors, and he loved the changing of the seasons.

Unfortunately, “the office” meant he worked in a cubicle. The closest window was at the opposite end of a long hallway. This didn’t mean he hated his job, or anything. He actually quite enjoyed it. His tasks were menial and he was just another faceless cog in a machine, but he was a quick learner with a natural gift for the job. He could do a day’s work half asleep in a couple hours, which left him most of each day to browse ski resorts, check campsites, or plan out hikes for the weekend. This weekend, he aimed to summit four different peaks.

He knew there would be some rain, but there was always something magical about experiencing the first rainstorm of the year for him. As he drove home on this Friday evening, the sun was still high in the sky as the first drops started coming down. He smiled as he drove along, the rain increasing in intensity with each mile. He shifted a little in the seat.

There was another reason he enjoyed rain so much. It was a beautiful time of year, and he loved the smell of rain, but it also allowed him an easy indulgence of his fetish. Fortunately, this lined up nicely with his bladder’s rhythm as well. He would generally need to pee once in the morning, again before his late lunch, and again as soon as he got home. The drive to and from the office was long enough that he generally wouldn’t feel the need when he left the office, but he’d be unable to sit still once he reached a bathroom. He would often keep holding long past that point, though, just in case there were other opportunities to enjoy the desperation.

Today wouldn’t be much of a day for enjoyed desperation, though. The rain was coming down more and more, and what started as a gentle sprinkle was becoming a bit of a downpour. The anticipation of his plan seemed to fuel his desperation, and ten minutes from home, he found himself unable to sit still at all. At a red light, he pulled his tie off and unbuttoned his shirt a bit. He never liked the dress code at all- He felt like he was suffocating, and currently, his desperation didn’t help with that sensation.

He pulled into the driveway, gathered his things, and ran up to his apartment. His first contact with the rain made him shiver and smile. Today was a great day for the first rain- It was warm. It wasn’t freezing rain, whipping sideways. It didn’t sting his face at all. It was gentle, warm rain, on a warm day, with the sun still shining.

He stepped inside just long enough to put his things by the door, then locked it behind him as a went for a walk. It was a relaxing feeling, in complete contrast to his tight, stressed bladder. Without realizing it, a leak shot down his leg, causing him to gasp involuntarily. The rain was warm, but the pee escaping him was hot, and it felt amazing.

He walked to the end of his street, one hand in his pocket, holding himself firmly. He was a lot more desperate than he usually was at this time, which fit his needs just fine. He didn’t want to lose any more of it until his pants were soaked with rain, though.

That was one of his favorite sensations- Wetting in cold, rain-soaked pants. And his work pants were pretty comfortable, actually. He shivered as he rounded the corner, and he wasn’t sure if it was the desperation or the cold. The fresh rain coming down still felt warm, but his clothes were heavy with water, keeping tight to his body.

A little bit more walking and another sudden shiver caused him to leak again. This time, in contrast to the cold fabric around his legs, his pee felt like a nice fire. He felt it shoot down his thigh, and trickle all the way down his pant leg. He couldn’t resist the feeling anymore, stopped walking, and steadied his breathing.

And then he had given up control.

Urine was flowing freely out of him as he started walking again. The heat was completely lighting up his legs and he felt the stress melt out of him. The individual streams criss-crossing down, tracing a contrasting experience of warmth and cold all the way down. Every muscle in his body felt relaxed. The warm rain tickled his face, as his warm pee soothed his legs.

He looked up to the bright, calm sky and smiled as his bladder continued to empty. He was warm all over. He was relaxed.

“This,” he thought, “is a great start to Spring.”

*002*2017-04-01 06:37

I'm really not into male omo at all myself, but up until now, all of my stories have been female. Figured it was only fair to give the other side a shot. :P

