Home alone and relieving a lot of stress

Author: NoOneSpecial

*000*2024-07-08 22:28

Hey guys,

Another story for you all since you seem to have liked the last one I did.

Really hope you guys like this one as it was really quite recent. It’s a type of experience I’ve wanted to have for absolutely ages and it was something I desperately needed; in more ways than one.

Anyway, thank you again, here’s the story.

###

After having been invited to apply for jobs that I had really wanted, and being rejected by both of them, despite the invites. I was so upset. I was still no clearer on how to improve as I was still refused any form of feedback and I had worked for hours on formatting my CV and cover letter. I even had the person who invited me to apply to check them over.

I was tired, stressed and generally upset.

I took the day off. I did some house tasks, laundry and just listened to one of my favourite youtube channels to numb the pain of it.

Late afternoon arrived and I was informed by one of my parents that I was going to be having the house to myself for the night as my sibling was out and both my parents were away. This also served to help me as the solitude, despite my natural extroversion, was really what I needed right now.

I needed the quiet and just to tend to my emotional wounds.

Thankfully, I spoke to some close friends over text to take my mind off of things and slowly but surely I started to feel a little bit better.

Furthermore, I took my jeans off and just had a t-shirt with these really nice dark purple Calvin Klein briefs. I honestly can’t really stand jeans and wish I had more comfortable lower half options to wear that looked nice but I didn’t have the energy to find something else. So I just stayed in my undies. Was fun to be downstairs half naked anyway.

I noticed however, that whilst cuddled up on the sofa and chatting one to my friends, I felt a need to pee. This was around about a 5/10 and definitely a point where I would naturally go to the toilet.

A piece of context that might also be helpful for you is this:

For those of you that know me, it takes me a loooooooong time to get up to 5/10 from 0-1/10.

HOWEVER, the time it takes me to get from 5/10 -> 10/10, at most 20 minutes, at minimum, like 5 minutes.

I flatly ignored this.

I was still in a pissed off mood and was too comfy to really care. So I continued watching my favourite Youtube Content whilst I slowly got through my dinner and chatted to my friend. Drinking a cider that I felt was frankly deserved given the last alcohol I had was months ago.

Several hours go by and it is now about 11pm.

I was really squirming at this point. And I mean REALLY squirming.

Weirdly though, I managed to find a position that I could sit in for long periods of time where the feeling wouldn’t bother me. While my bladder I would still sense as being quite full, the urge feeling that often comes with it seemed to just not show up.

However I was getting tired and realised there was still a fair bit of washing up to do.

I stood up.

It returned slowly at first and then all at once. I leaked a drop or two at that moment.

I squirmed and scurried around the kitchen, hurriedly loading and unloading the dishwasher and putting things away. Catching myself and holding onto my crotch pleadingly not to go! I really didn’t want to have to do mopping and then have to worry about possible tile staining.

Thankfully though, at last I had finished the clearing up. I fumbled with the light switches desperately to try and switch off all the lights, I ran around locking all the doors, leaking another drop or so when trying to bolt the doors.

I then ran while holding my crotch all the way up the stairs.

I was beyond 10/10.

I didn’t think, I grabbed two towels and folded them up as fast as I could and chucked them onto my bed.

I ripped my slightly damp briefs off and leant over the towels doggy style with my ass in the air holding desperately-

…I lost it completely.

Straight into the towels. Through 8 layers of terry-cloth and even a little bit into my sheets. I slowly rubbed myself back and forth feeling the warm pee right as it was coming out and splashing into the towels, using a little of it to lubricate myself.

I went for what fell like a full 2 minutes. A full 120 seconds flat. It was one of those times where it just kept on coming out even though you might have thought you were finished.

I had not been so turned on for months or even years.

I slowly and gently at first, began to masturbate. Then I allowed my lubricated skin and fingers to quickly but still gently, glide over my glans as so to maximise the sensation. My abs tensing hard with each few strokes.

No videos. No sound. Nothing.

An empty house…nothing but me, and my moaning…

I normally don’t moan too much. I do a little but hardly anything excessive.

But this time…oh I did.

While still in doggy style position, J grabbed a pillow in front of me quickly, I was so close. I kept going and going. All the stress, all the hardship, combined with the enormous need for this moment-

I came…so hard. Right into the same towels.

I moaned so loudly I buried my face into a pillow, breathing rapidly as my heart raced.

I felt like I had in some way, collapsed.

I desperately needed that.

All…of that.

I then quickly changed my sheets (I was actually planning on doing this anyway), put everything into the washing machine and went to bed…every so often reflecting on the wonderful emptiness that I felt physiologically.

###

Hope you guys enjoyed reading that. Something I hope you all take away from this, despite a great time (you know what I mean), is to take care of yourselves. Life can be super hard and honestly having a moment to allow yourself to fall backwards into what makes you feel good, can be so good for your health.

1 step back to make 2 steps forward.

Hope you guys have a wonderful day and I hope I have another story to write for you soon. Please please if you have any ideas for me to both try out (and then go on to write about) please please let me know. I’m always looking for ways to heighten my omo experiences. Stuff along the lines of what I’ve already written will give you an idea of what I like.

Till next time guys 🥰

