Summer Reunion - Page 2

Author: Noot

*026*2020-07-06 01:45

"So, Tessa, why do you want to work in fashion?"

Tessa Rhodes projected an image of perfect professionalism, sat up straight and alert in her chair and wearing a polite smile. She had arrived for her interview twenty minutes early, sat patiently in the waiting room until her name was called and introduced herself with a firm handshake. Already, she could tell that her potential future boss- a balding, watery-eyed man with a nervous energy- was impressed. He had no idea, she told herself, that she was on the verge of wetting her suit.

She'd badly needed a wee all day, but her insistence on maintaining a professional image had forbidden her asking if she could use the loo and once the door opened for her appointment it was too late. All she could do now was keep calm and composed, like a duck on water. Tessa sometimes felt like one of those ducks- the personification of tranquility on top, while underneath she fought with everything she had to keep going. Now here she was, straight-backed and stiff-lipped, and nobody but her would ever know that all the while her thighs were twisted in sheer desperation under the desk.

"Well, I've been passionate about the industry from a young age," she began, launching into a well-rehearsed speech designed to sell herself to any potential employers. She knew early on that she had him hooked. He was captivated by her stories- Tessa could imagine that very few people of her age came in to interview at all, let alone any with such confidence to back them up. All she had to do now was get through the interview without flooding her chair and she'd be-

That's when it happened. Midway through a sentence about the changing expectations of consumers in the modern world, Tessa felt her panties go warm as a sizeable squirt slipped out of her. She had to give her all to keep talking normally, plastering on the same fake smile. She knew that one leak wasn't going to destroy her job prospects- he would never know- but she couldn't be obvious.

Then came the second leak, and this time she felt it even more. It felt so wrong, to be speaking to this smartly-dressed stranger about her passion while she could feel hot wee trickling down the lips of her private area and into the crack of her bum. That second time, she couldn't stay nonchalant. Her voice tailed off, and she fell silent, panic finally threatening to overcome her as more warm urine began to trickle out.

"Tessa?"

"Tessa?"

Ayo's voice shook Tessa out of her reminiscent daydream, and immediately the pain of her bursting bladder came rushing back. She had been lost vividly in the memory of that job interview, so woven into her thoughts that she could almost feel the warm dribble on her bum as she had that day. But she knew that was imagination. Right here, on this warm night in Paris, she hadn't leaked... yet.

"I'm here," she said dimly, giving Ayo enough cause to look slightly relieved.

"Can you check your phone? We don't know where Mark and Kevin are". Numbly, Tessa obliged, having to press her thighs together to keep dry. There were two messages on her phone- one from Jamie (spare key is under doormat, hope you make it, see you soon) and another from Kevin, which explained that he and Mark had taken a shortcut. She relayed this to Ayo and Zoe, who was jiggling constantly by now, her whole body bouncing up and down as she moved.

"That wasn't smart of them," said Ayo disapprovingly, but even he was starting to show signs of being close to cracking. Tessa realised then that she had never seen Ayo openly desperate for the loo. She'd almost never seen him display anything other than total emotional control. Tessa had a feeling that would be changing very soon. But it was Zoe who piped up with an idea.

"Wait, guys, there's three of us now. We can get a taxi back, it'll be there in like, thirty seconds". Ayo and Tessa's eyes met, considering the idea. Truthfully, Tessa wasn't sure she'd be able to make it the whole ride, although she was running out of options. Ayo voiced Tessa's concerns for her.

"I don't know, Zoe- it's risky. One speedbump could land us in big trouble".

"We have to try, guys, we won't all make it back if we don't. Look," she pointed to a car on the roadside with a familiar 'Taxi' sign on the roof, "Tessa speaks better French than any of us. Can you try and explain to him where we're going, Tessie?"

Tessa weighed up the risks and rewards in her mind. If they got in the taxi now, they could be home within a minute. Her French had grown rusty, true, but she was confident she was good enough to get them back even if the driver didn't speak any English, which was unlikely. But if any of them lost control during the ride... they could ruin some perfectly good car seats, to say the least. Suddenly her bladder spasmed. She was running out of time.

"I'll see what I can do," she promised, and waddled towards the taxi that could be about to literally save her arse.

###

"I'm not getting back home in time, man," Kevin finally admitted, "It's too far and I'm too desperate".

Mark, for his part, had to agree. They were still over two minutes away and his bladder was sending him signals that clearly screamed You're going to piss yourself if you don't get to the toilet in the next thirty seconds. "How long have you got?" he asked nervously.

"Not long, man, like a minute at most? Oh, God it hurts".

Mark knew that feeling. He looked down at himself and was ashamed at the sight- a clear bladder bulge stuck out over his crotch, which he was practically kneading like dough to keep the pee from slipping out.

"Me too, dude, I'm absolutely busting. I won't make it back either," he said, realising that the words didn't even embarrass him anymore, "what's plan B?"

Kevin didn't like it, but he only had one option left, "We're gonna have to go behind a tree, dude. It sucks, but it's better than soaking our clothes".

Mark shook his head vigorously, unwilling to even flirt with the idea. "No way, man," he said flatly. Kevin asked why not, now shifting from foot to foot like a child as he held himself closed. Mark explained, flustered. "It's easy for you to go outdoors, you just whip your sword out and let loose. I'd need to take off my jeans and underwear and... squat... over the ground. I haven't done that since I was a kid, man, I can't risk getting caught".

"OK, but if you can't make it home, what choice do you have?" Kevin pointed out, trying not to get frustrated. He could understand Mark's misgivings, but surely anything was better than pissing your pants twice in one day. "Dude, you know I don't care. It doesn't matter to me what bits and pieces you do or don't have, I'm still your friend. Come on, man, I'm almost out of time, and I can see you are too," he said, looking Mark right in the eye, "it's this or we piss ourselves".

Kevin could see the gears whirring in Mark's mind, making the decision as quickly as he could.

It's this or we piss ourselves.

Finally, acceptance dawned and Mark blinked slowly.

Kevin leaked then. He felt it, but he could not stop it.

"Alright," said Mark, "Let's do it".

That was all Kevin needed. As quick as a flash, he unbuckled his belt and went to undo his trousers at the waist. His fingers fumbled as the leaking continued, slowly evolving into a full-blown stream of pee that refused to be slowed. This is it, Kevin thought through the chaos, total loss of control. He could feel the piss blossoming through his underwear and down his thighs, and it went on for several seconds before he finally managed to undo the button on the second attempt. He whipped around to face the fence that marked one side of the passage, reached into his boxers and extracted his still-pissing penis. The sound of the pee spraying on the wood alone was something else- it was like a hosepipe, gushing onto the panel and making a hollow noise that anyone nearby would surely hear.

Kevin couldn't help it- his mouth dropped open and he moaned, a low, guttural sound of relief that he'd probably later wish he hadn't made in front of Mark. Even as he was starting to get his flow up to full force, the feeling was exquisite.

"Kevin".

He was snapped out of the orgasmic sensation by Mark's voice, small and scared. Kevin checked over his shoulder to find Mark still standing, fully clothed, doing what his mom had always called a 'pee-pee dance'.

"Kevin, I can't get my button undone. It's stuck. I'm going to piss myself".

###

Within seconds, Tessa was back with some bad news. She explained that the taxi was operating, but could only carry two people tonight as one seatbelt was broken. Zoe screamed internally- this was absolutely bloody typical. The Australian girl looked at her friends, who she could see were at least as desperate as she was. In an instant, Zoe made a decision.

"You two go, quickly. I'll be fine," she lied, "I'm not even that desperate yet". This was, of course, untrue; Zoe felt as though she was close to exploding in her panties. Yet her rationale was sound. She had peed herself just that morning, while Ayo and Tessa had not. If Zoe didn't make it to the bathroom on time, who cared? It was just one more accident- nobody would think anything of it from a confident girl with a notoriously tiny bladder. Meanwhile, Ayo and Tessa would probably die of shame if they wet themselves. Both prided themselves, she knew, on their control. It should be them who make it, she said.

"No, Zoe, that's not fair," said Ayo, who Zoe thought had some nerve to try and argue considering the state he was in, "I'll stay and you two can get in the taxi". He was trying to be valiant, but Zoe's mind was made up and there simply wasn't time for any of them to argue. She felt as though the wee was already built up at the tip of her urethra, ready to start a waterfall at any moment. She nodded at Ayo's right hand, which was gripping his manhood tightly in a way that made her sure he hadn't even realised he was doing it.

"It's not the time for manners, Ayo," she said, "you look like you need to get to that toilet a lot more than me". He looked mortified, and Zoe felt bad for embarrassing him, but she'd known it would work. He thanked her, turned and got in the cab. Tessa gave her a quick peck on the cheek that smelled like red wine, wished her good luck, and followed him into the car.

It had barely pulled away when Zoe started regretting her decision. She had felt good about sacrificing her own needs for theirs, but in the lonely moonlight all she had to think about was her increasingly pressing emergency. The young woman was beyond desperate, now; she was almost at the point of losing control. Nonetheless, she had no choice but to keep pushing on home, even though each step was agony.

You bloody idiot, Zoe, she scolded herself, you absolute moron. Why did you think now was a good time to be heroic? You can't afford to wet this dress, you know you can't, it's too expensive. Just think happy thoughts and you'll be home in no time.

You have a warm bed at the house, she thought to herself.

I need a wee, her brain said intrusively. She pushed it to the back of her mind.

Your friends are all here, and they won't laugh if you don't make it.

I need a wee, came that voice again. Zoe longed for nothing more than to stop thinking about how badly she wanted a wee right now. But the thoughts wouldn't go away.

You saw Jamie's bum today, she reminded herself, and the thought even bought the ghost of a cheeky smile to her face. But not for long.

I need a wee, I need a wee, I need a wee. It was all she could concentrate on.

"Dammit, I need a wee", she cursed under her breath. Another wave of desperation caused the urge to intensify, and Zoe knew she had to stop walking. A few more steps could spell the end for her underwear- her nice, comfortable black underwear. She halted on the pavement, and only then could she focus on something outside of her bladder for long enough to realise that she was on a bridge over moving water. She turned, rested her free elbow on the brick wall, and stared down into the peaceful black river that was gently flowing beneath her feet.

I need a wee, her mind insisted.

"Well, it's not a bad view to wee yourself to," she said quietly to nobody in particular. As she came to terms with her inevitable incoming soaking, Zoe almost cracked a smile. "Who knows? You might even enjoy it a little bit this time". But she knew that wasn't to be. The pain was too great, the throbbing in her bladder too intense. The final seconds before her accident were coming and going. Zoe closed her eyes. She was about to wee herself on the streets of Paris, and there was nothing she could do. She removed her hand from her crotch and got ready.

Someone grabbed her arm. Zoe's eyes jerked open and she turned, incredulous, to the man who had just taken hold of her. She'd never been so happy to see Jamie, who looked her in the eye as he spoke.

"Come with me if you want to stay dry," he said, and she followed him into the night.

*027*2020-07-06 03:17

WARNING: This chapter does contain some mild sexual content- nothing graphic or explicit, or even extreme, but there are references to sex and sexuality in these passages, so if you're not keen feel free to skip this one.

###

"Kevin, please. Help me".

Mark was in an absolute state, practically dancing on the spot in desperation.

"What do I do, Mark? How can I help?" Kevin asked frantically, watching Mark's face burn deep red. The young man was still trying to get the button on the front of his trousers undone, but to no avail. His sweaty fingers were constantly slipping, fumbling with the latch.

"I need..." Mark seemed too shy to say it, but he forced himself, out of options. "I need you to get my button undone, Kevin, I'm sorry. I can't hold it".

Kevin wasn't over the moon about the idea of undressing one of his best friends, but he felt sympathy for the guy, and knew he'd have to do whatever it took to help. The problem was that Kevin himself was still pissing furiously against the fence, and had plenty left in the tank.

"Okay man, I'll do it, but I have to finish my own pee first- just hang on a minute longer, you can do that," he said, trying to sound reassuring.

"No!" Mark sobbed, "I don't have time for that, Kev, just- just shut it off, please, you can finish later".

"Shut off my pee?" Kevin asked disbelievingly.

"Please, Kevin, I'm pissing myself here".

Focusing all his attention, Kevin managed to stem the flow of his otherworldly pee and turn to face Mark.

"It goes without saying, dude, but try not to look at my... you know" Kevin said shyly.

"I wasn't really thinking about that, but thanks," Mark said, in his trademark sarcastic tone, "Just get the button off, Kev".

Awkwardly, but aware that he was working against a ticking clock, Kevin reached for Mark's trousers and started trying the button. It was being a tricky bastard, but it would surely come off sooner rather than later. At that point it occurred to Kevin's mind that he was racing two time bombs, as not only was Mark at the crest of an emergency, but his own temporarily halted flow wasn't going to stay dammed up for much longer.

"Hurry, man, I'm begging you," moaned Mark, who was visibly putting everything he had into keeping himself dry.

"I'm trying, man- try and stay still!" Kevin responded. He was getting a terrible, terrible feeling in his private area that he quickly found out he couldn't suppress.

The inevitable happened. In the instant that Kevin finally managed to successfully undo Mark's button, a hot spurt of piss flew from the tip of his penis and squarely sprayed Mark's left leg, just above the knee. Kevin was powerless to stop it coming out and could only watch in the dim moonlight as it squirted powerfully onto his friend's trousers, totally past the realm of human bladder control. For a second Kevin was frozen, unable to believe that he'd just pissed himself onto another man's leg.

Thankfully, Mark seemed too desperate to notice and he had his trousers and boxers around his ankle within a second. Kevin could have sworn that Mark started peeing a powerful stream before he'd fully squatted, and in the glow he could almost see the wet patch on the inside of Mark's boxers, which were crumpled together on the floor as his friend relieved himself onto the earth.

The sight of Mark peeing was too much for Kevin, who's stream started itself up again involuntarily and lazily poured onto the ground below, from his still-exposed penis. In total shock, Kevin failed to realise that he was making no effort to cover himself up, nor could he take his eyes off of Mark's relief-ridden, close-eyed face. After the duo had been peeing together for several seconds, Mark opened one eye cautiously and was met with Kevin's complete loss of control right in front of him. Kevin had expected his friend to ask for some privacy, but Mark said nothing as the two finished their business in silence. The only noise was the roar of two streams against the ground, until they finally dried up into dribbles, then trickles, then nothing.

Mark broke the quiet.

"Do you... have anything I could wipe with?" He asked hopefully. Kevin felt his pockets.

"No, sorry," he said guiltilyy, suddenly becoming very aware that he was exposed, and tucking himself back in.

"Eh, no big deal, Mark said, pulling up his soiled underwear and trousers in one fluid motion, "My boxers were soaked anyway". He had no problems with the button this time.

"Do you think the others made it?" Kevin asked, feeling the now-cold sensation of his own wet underwear on his skin.

"Let's go and find out," Mark said, "but I'm betting at least a couple didn't".

Together, the two kept walking down the pathway to the house, leaving two steaming puddles behind them.

###

Jamie led Zoe down a narrow alleyway, almost totally obscured by darkness. Unless someone was looking for them, they were completely invisible to anyone roaming the streets. She was still getting to grips with what had just happened- thirty seconds ago she had been preparing to wet herself on a bridge alone, and now she was with Jamie, in a place she could wee in private, and just in time too. She could have kissed him.

"We're safe here, you can pee," he said soothingly, "believe me, I've done it before on a drunk night out". She trusted him so deeply that in that moment there was no doubt in her mind that he was right- they were completely alone.

"Oh Jamie boy, you got me here right on time," she gasped, and hitched up her dress. Not bothering to squat, she pulled aside her black panties, spread her legs wide and let rip. A moment later and she would have had an accident. Zoe's piss attacked the tarmac in a fierce blast, bouncing and spraying on the ground and forming a yellow rivulet that started to trickle down the alley towards the street. Jamie had to leap aside to prevent his shoes from getting a soaking. There was something raw, almost sexual, about the feeling of having only just made it. Zoe could see that her companion was getting pretty squirmy too, and she realised that his time to get desperate had come, which only added to the growing feelings of arousal she was harbouring. As she was emptying herself, she shot him a teasing look and let the heat in her private area take over her mouth for a second.

"Don't you have to go too, Jamie? Don't be modest on my account".

At the sound of this order, it was like Christmas had come early for Jamie. He thanked her, kissed her on the cheek (she loved that he didn't mind that she was doing a wee in the street) and whipped out his manhood. Zoe barely even pretended not to stare as his thick stream joined hers on the ground, letting whatever it was that was making their bladders so full run out of their urethras and down a nearby drain. The pair peed in perfect harmony, their unison creating a beautiful sound. Eventually, they began to empty, and while it finally happened Zoe realised something that shocked her. She was properly horny. Not just a little turned on- she needed to do something, and soon. She was no longer sure that the wetness on her panties was just pee. Zoe replaced her underwear, let her dress drop back to cover her ankles once more and sighed one more time from the relief.

Jamie finished his own wee seconds later, but as he went to tuck himself back in she stopped him. Instinctively, her arm moved to catch his, preventing him from covering himself back up. Working on pure desire, she moved in and kissed him, and to her delight felt him kissing her back, passionately and with force- just how she liked it. When they broke apart, both were out of breath, but smiling.

"How long do we have before we need to get back?" Jamie asked, his chest tight with anticipation.

"Long enough, lover boy," she grinned, reaching down and wrapping her fingers around him, "long enough".

###

Tessa had no idea how she made it back to the house dry. Far too hastily to be polite, she paid the taxi driver and joined Ayo on the doorstep, where her friend had already located the spare key and was unlocking the door. There had been a couple of small leaks during the drive, and so far her tight underwear had taken the brunt of it, but she knew her trousers would also be in danger if she couldn't get up the stairs soon.

"Ayo, I can't lie, I'm already leaking," she told him. Perhaps it was the wine, the desperation or the trust she had in him, but Tessa's usual reservations about being so brash with her toiletting language were gone.

"You and me both, Tessie," he muttered, "let's get up the stairs". They practically sprinted up the flight of steps and came to a stop outside the bathroom door, where the full extent of their dilemma became obvious. Tessa was clutching her crotch with both hands, bouncing on the spot, breathing heavily. Ayo was desperate to the point of not caring that Tessa could clearly see him holding himself, and his legs were crossed as he stood.

"Who's going first?" Ayo asked, his face creased. Tessa thought for a second- and a second was all she could afford- and spoke.

"Ayo, I'm going to ask you a question, and I need you to give me an honest answer," she looked him right in the eye, "could you hold it for two minutes longer if I went first?"

Ayo paused before shaking his head vigorously, his expression grim. "Could you?" he asked.

"No, me neither," Tessa groaned. She felt the biggest leak yet, swore loudly, and told him the truth. "It's coming out".

"Then you go first," he insisted, "I'm ok with not making it. Just go- I'll be OK," he said solemnly. Tessa didn't like it, but she knew she didn't have a choice. She was seconds away from flooding her knickers, her trousers and her friend's expensive carpet, all while metres from the toilet, all in front of a man she'd kind of crushed on for a whole year. Reluctantly, she turned into the bathroom and closed the door.

As soon as she was in the room, guilt overcame Tessa. Was she really going to leave her friend outside to humiliate himself, to go to the toilet on himself? For her own benefit? That wasn't right. That wasn't Tessa. And yet... if she waited much longer she'd wee herself too. Jiggling on her toes, both as a holding measure and as a decision-making tool, she made a split-second choice. Tessa unlocked the bathroom door again, opened it and found Ayo waiting in the corridor still, looking like he was moments off of what would surely be his first ever accident. She wrapped a hand around his arm and pulled him into the room before he could protest, shutting the door behind her. I cannot believe you're doing this, Tessie, she thought, you must really like this guy.

"What are you doing?" Ayo spluttered, bewildered. She slid the lock closed once more and started marching towards the shower.

"You use the toilet," she ordered him simply, "neither of us are wetting ourselves tonight".

As she stepped into the shower, Tessa felt herself start to erupt. She got her bottoms down just in time, crouching above the cold porcelain just after her stream began in earnest. For a moment Ayo was evidently frozen in shock, trying and failing not to look at Tessa pissing a tsunami in the shower, but she knew she had to snap him out of it.

"Toilet, Ayo, quickly. Before it's too late". These words jolted him back into action and he rushed towards the loo, flipped the lid up, turned and slid his jeans down just enough to sit down. Instantly the relief was obvious on his face, and for a short moment Tessa thought that he was even enjoying it too much to be embarrassed. Truthfully, so was she. Long may it last, she thought dryly. Ayo was clearly doing his best not to look at Tessa's bare bits while she pissed like a racehorse, but she was surprised to realise that she didn't mind him looking one bit. In fact, she kind of liked knowing that he could see her in the middle of her most private act. She moaned louder than was necessary, wanting to put on a show. If she was doing this for anyone else it would have been mortifying, shameful beyond belief, but with Ayo it felt right.

"Oh, my..." he said softly, continuing to evacuate his bladder. After a long while, Tessa could feel her own stream starting to die down, and remembered Zoe's trick from the evening before. She pushed out the final few squirts one at a time, not taking her eyes off of Ayo. She didn't even mind when a low fart slipped out, which he pretended not to hear. Tessa had no idea where these feelings were coming from, but something about peeing with Ayo was turning her on. Maybe it was just the relief of finally being able to pee- or perhaps it was something more.

When both friends were finished urinating, Tessa could start to feel the familiar consciousness she'd always harboured return. She was determined to make the most of her high, so she asked him confidently to pass her some toilet paper and wiped generously with it before standing up. Ayo got off the pot and redressed himself, moving aside so she could daintily deposit her wet paper in the yellow-tinged water. But by the time she went to the sink to wash her hands, which were marked with more than a few droplets of pee, that familiar shyness was back in full force. She addressed Ayo nervously.

"That wasn't too weird for you, was it?" she asked. He smiled at her.

"No, Tessie, that wasn't weird. Not many people would do what you did for me, though. I'm flattered".

Screw it, she thought. Might as well go for it.

"Did you... like what you saw?" she asked, feeling like she was blushing.

For a moment she couldn't decipher Ayo's expression, but then she realised what it was- he was on the verge of laughing. That seemed rude to Tessa, although she didn't want to be a prude.

"I forget, I never told you..." he said cryptically.

"Told me what?" Tessa pressed, afraid that he was going to say I never told you I see you as a sister or I never told you I don't think you're attractive. She didn't expect what actually came out of his mouth.

"Tessa, I'm gay," he said at last. She wasn't sure she'd heard correctly.

"Gay?"

"Yes. I like men", he explained. Ayo was a long way from a miserable man, but his default facial expression was neutral at most. Tessa had almost never seen him plain grinning, like he was now. "I started to realise over the last few years, but it really picked up after last summer". He laughed out loud, "I've never told anyone before".

And yet , quickly, his expression changed. He looked across at Tessa apologetically, as if he was afraid he'd hurt her in some way. "I feel like I might have led you on somehow, subconsciously. I haven't... pissed you off, have I?".

This was a lot to take in. Tessa had had no idea... she'd started to feel some kind of crush on him, yes, but now things made a bit more sense. He wasn't into women. Cool. It was good to know that, to have the question of his role in her life resolved. They were friends, and they'd always be friends. That was good enough for Tessa.

Once she'd absorbed this new information, it was her turn to almost laugh. "No, Ayo, you could never piss me off. I'm glad you told me," she said, "now let's get out of here. I think a change of clothes is in order".

*029*2020-07-06 23:00

Zoe and Jamie stumbled through the door ten minutes later, red-faced and out of breath. The pair explained that they'd gone to the toilet in an alleyway and been held up talking to some locals on the way back. They slumped down next to each other on the sofa in front of the fire, around which the others had gathered to await their return. Ayo was fairly sure they were avoiding eye contact, but he didn't mention it. Kevin and Mark had also returned just a few minutes after Ayo's bathroom encounter with Tessa, and those two hadn't said a word to each other since they'd got back either. 

In the chaos of the walk back from the restaurant, the six had been split into three groups of two. Ayo had no idea what the other four had been up to, but he knew he and Tessa had shared a fairly awkward experience, and yet they were the only ones who could look each other in the eye. I can only guess how weird things must have gotten with the others, he thought. On second thoughts, I don't really want to know.

"We need to figure this out," said Ayo once they were all seated. He pointed at the box on the mantlepiece, "for whatever reason that box is affecting our bodies. Every twelve hours since we touched it, the same thing has happened to each of us, and for all we know it could keep happening". He turned to Jamie, in a plea for some information that might help them even a little bit. "Jamie, I need you to tell us everything you know about that box".

Jamie sighed, exasperated. "I don't know what to tell you, dude, except that it was a prank gift from my cousin. She gave it to me one year as a present so she could laugh when I realised it didn't open, that's all I know".

"And did it have the same effect on you back then?" Tessa asked delicately. Ayo was grateful to have someone else participating in the questioning; it made him feel less like an interrogator".

Jamie shook his head, then frowned, and then his mouth dropped open.

"Wait..." he muttered, looking like a man with the answer to a million-dollar question stuck in his throat.

"What is it, dude?" Kevin prompted, leaning forward in his seat. Jamie blushed.

"I wet the bed that night. It was the first time in, like, ten years, and it hasn't happened since".

"Was that every twelve hours too?"

Jamie shook his head quickly. "No, I'd have remembered. It was just that morning. My mum found out and she went crazy at me," he recalled.

Ayo furrowed his brow. Only tiny fragments of this were making any sense, forming any sort of connection with one another. It was like a crossword puzzle- he had to figure out what the clues meant before he could start trying to fit them together. He pressed on with a tangental line of questioning.

"Tell me about this cousin," Ayo probed.

"Cassie is her name. Come to think of it, that was the last time I saw her. We don't talk about her side of the family". Jamie looked like he was in a therapy session.

"Why not?"

"They're... weird. Creepy. Into voodoo and that kind of thing... Oh". Ayo could visibly see the realisation hit Jamie like a dumbbell, and that quiet 'Oh' told him that his friend had just figured out something big. "I made her pee her pants," said Jamie softly, "as a joke. I was twelve and she was ten, and we were in the garden when she said she had to go. I thought it'd be funny to use that sliding door to lock her out, just for a minute. But it jammed up, I couldn't get it back open".

"I went to get her dad and he couldn't shift it either," Jamie continued, looking remorseful, "and pretty soon the whole family was gathered around the door taking turns to open it. But it was too late. She pissed herself in front of everyone. Must have been a dozen people there to see it. She wouldn't talk to me for the rest of the holiday".

"Let me guess: the next summer she gave you that box," said Kevin, who'd solved Ayo's mental crossword faster than anyone, "and you woke up with a wet bed".

Jamie swallowed and nodded. "The only other time I touched that box was a few years afterwards, when I picked it up out of curiosity. And I'm not sure, but I'm betting that that was exactly twelve hours before I had that accident in my swimming costume at the beach the next morning".

"So... whoever tries to open that box has to pee every twelve hours until they wet themselves?" Mark said tentatively.

"No, Mark. I pissed myself this morning and I still got desperate tonight, remember?" Zoe pointed out. Only then did Ayo realise that she hadn't spoken the entire time until this point.

"It can't be that," said Jamie, looking grim, "I think it's me. I think it happens until I wet myself. The box is her little revenge against me".

"And this morning didn't count because most of it went in that plant?" Tessa asked sceptically.

"Maybe, yeah. What else could it be?" Jamie asked.

"It might be worth a try, man," Kevin said uneasily, "at least then we'll know for sure".

"Uh, guys, even if Jamie does... you know, wet himself, that doesn't change the fact that all of us are probably going to get desperate too just after eight A.M tomorrow. And there's only one toilet in this place".

"I don't think any of us want to wee ourselves," Zoe hurried to say, "including Jamie".

"I know what to do," said Kevin suddenly. He sat up straight and turned to Jamie. "Are there any big malls still open at this time of night?"

"Sure, there's a Carrefour not far from here, it's open twenty-four hours," Jamie replied, looking confused.

"Good," said Kevin, a spark in his eye at last, "so here's what we're gonna do..."

*030*2020-07-06 23:43

We're heading into the home stretch now! Thank you to everyone who's upvoted, commented or followed so far, the story has got way more support than I ever expected!

###

Mark rolled over in bed and checked his phone for the time. It was almost one 'o' clock in the morning, but he couldn't get to sleep for the life of him. Perhaps it was because he knew that his alarm would go off in under seven hours and he would have to get out of bed to do what was surely the most hair-brained thing he'd ever agreed to. Or maybe, just maybe, Mark's insomnia had more to do with the noises that he could still hear coming from the bedroom beside his. He groaned, feeling wide awake, and decided that some warm milk might help him sleep. Or it might take some bourbon. Anything was better than staying here listening to two of his closest friends becoming way too close in the next room.

Wiping his eyes, Mark stumbled out of bed and hooked his T-shirt off the ground. He knew his breasts weren't best suited to walking around in a thin white T-shirt without one of his binders, but tonight he couldn't care less. Nobody else was up to see him anyway. Careful to keep quiet as he opened and closed the bedroom door, he headed downstairs cautiously. When he was just a few steps from the bottom, he realised that the kitchen light was on. He had been the last person to leave the room earlier and had certainly remembered to flick the switch off, so someone had to be in there.

He poked his head around the corner of the doorframe and was relieved to see Tessa sitting at the table in a tight black gym top and a pair of grey sweatpants. She smiled at him, and he couldn't help smiling back as he entered the room and started pouring himself a drink.

"What are you doing up?" Mark asked. Tessa gave the most un-Tessa-like snort of laughter he could have imagined.

"Same as you, I expect. Couldn't sleep with the sound of Romeo and Juliet going at it next door". Mark laughed at the comparison and took his seat opposite her.

"I'm happy for them, really," she continued, "I know Zoe's always had a bit of a thing for Jamie. I don't mind them bonking away, I just wish they knew how to do it quietly". She was practically giggling as she spoke. Mark had always viewed Tessa as this ultra-professional, mature woman, so there was something strange (if oddly comforting) about seeing her gossiping like a schoolgirl across the table.

"I could text him if you like and ask him to keep it down," Mark suggested, wiggling his eyebrow menacingly.

"Oh, don't you dare," Tessa cackled, "the poor boy's got to piss himself in front of us tomorrow. Let him have his fun tonight".

"I wouldn't dream of denying them their fun," Mark smiled, "although it would be easier to sleep if he was a two-pumps and done kind of guy". Tessa's words had reminded him of just how frightening Kevin's plan was, and he looked over at the Carrefour bag on the kitchen counter. He knew that it contained a six-pack of adult diapers, which Zoe had volunteered to go out and buy earlier that night. There were six because they came in packs of six, but each of them knew without saying it aloud that only five were ever going to be worn.

"You really think Kevin's idea will work?" Tessa asked him, and he could see the worry on her face. He began to suspect that this could be the true reason she was down in the kitchen in the wee hours, the thing she really wanted to talk about.

"I think it's the best we've got, Tessie. If it doesn't then we'll have to try again twelve hours later". She allowed him a wry smile.

"I hope you're right. You were always good at the positivity thing, Mark. I've always liked that about you".

"I didn't have a choice," he said evenly, "when you're the only boy in class wearing a sports bra, positivity is your only option".

"But a lot of people deal way worse with way less than you," she insisted. He blushed a little, taken aback by the compliment.

"You haven't exactly had it easy, either, Tessie," he reminded her, "you did say last night that you were the only black woman at your entire company".

Tessa took his point graciously. She raised her mug of hot chocolate to him in a weary mockery of a toast.

"To beating the odds," she said, only half-joking.

"To beating the odds," Mark agreed, meeting her mug with his glass before taking a sip.

The young woman drained what was left of her drink and stood up.

"What happens if we don't beat this thing tomorrow?" she asked him. In that instant, Mark could see the anxiety etched on Tessa's face. For a split second she suddenly looked far older and more jaded than her twenty-four years. Mark's suburban British upbringing had left him with only one reliable defence mechanism in the face of adversity: gallows humour.

"Then I guess we'd better get used to a very strict bathroom schedule," he said, and the illusion was gone- Tessa's smile was back. She came round the table and offered him a hug, and for once he didn't mind that he wasn't wearing anything under his t-shirt.

"Right, back to bed," Tessa said, switching smoothly into her motherly voice, "Hopefully those darn kids will get bored of boinking soon".

"I thought you said you would let them have their fun?" Mark teased.

"I will," Tessa said over her shoulder as she started to climb the stairs, "but if I hear anyone say the word 'daddy' I will be sleeping on the sofa".

###

{{On 7/5/2020 at 4:45 PM, ed2 said:

Definitely! 👍

}}

We're only three or four scenes away from finishing this story now, but I'm definitely going to write up this bonus chapter at some point before moving onto my next story! Thanks for the feedback!

*032*2020-07-08 00:41

They rolled out tarpaulin on the living room carpet. The front door had been locked, checked and double-checked, the curtains drawn to make it look as though nobody was home. Furniture had been shifted aside to make sure there was room for all six to stand comfortably, and one cupboard was used to block the view from the entrance so nobody could see them through the frosted glass of the door.

When Ayo Shehu took charge of something, he left no stone unturned.

Once he was sure there was no way they could be interrupted, he met the rest of the group in the front room where they had gathered on that first evening. Stepping onto the blue tarp, which they'd found in the shed and which nearly covered the entire carpet, he looked around at five visibly nervous faces. None of them wanted to think about what the rest of their lives could be like if this didn't work.

The Carrefour bag from the kitchen counter was now empty. Everyone but Jamie was wearing one of the six adult diapers, and each had tried their best to hide that fact (despite it being common knowledge) to varying degrees of success. Ayo looked down at his own waist and, not for the first time, felt blessedly relieved that he wasn't into tight trousers. His looser outfit meant the bulge was barely visible- Ayo was fairly sure that a passerby on the street wouldn't have suspected a thing.

Zoe was wearing a dress that totally concealed her diaper, but Kevin and Mark weren't so lucky- neither had packed anything loose enough to hide the fact that they were padded up, even though almost everyone in the room was in the same boat. Tessa's bulge was the clearest of all, and there was something very conflicted in her look- she resembled a smartly-dressed businesswoman showing up to work with some extra protection. None of them were in any position to judge, however. The one they all felt sorry for was Jamie, who they'd decided had to face this unprotected. He looked far from happy with what was about to happen, donning light blue skinny jeans and a black polo shirt.

Because it'd initially been Kevin's idea, he was the one they turned to when everyone was in position. He was in his element going over the plan one final time, taking his moment as leader of the group and explaining each detail as if it was a vital piece of war strategy. The only other time Ayo could remember hearing Kevin speak like this was when they'd gone to a Parisian laser-tag arena the previous year and he'd been allowed to take charge.

"OK guys, it's eleven minutes past eight, we only have a few minutes to go. Now once the urge hits I'm pretty sure we can just go in our diapers, but if Ayo's right then Jamie's going to need to hold it as long as he can before he... well, before he pees himself".

"I still don't get why," grumbled Jamie, who was obviously not looking forward to the next ten minutes of his life. Ayo took over to explain it to him once again.

"Because this box was Cassie's revenge on you, man, you can't get off easy or it won't count. It has to be humiliating, it has to be against your will and it has to be in your jeans". He paused for a second before adding, "at least, that's what makes the most sense to me".

"And we have to see it, too," Kevin chipped in, "or it's not as embarrassing for you as it was for her doing it in front of her family". That part of the theory had actually come from Mark, who had been trying to figure out exactly what Jamie's cousin Cassie had wanted to gain by giving him that box. His hypothesis was that for her revenge to be gained, there had to be an audience who would know about the accident. That was why they all needed to be in the room, hence the diapers to deal with the inevitable problems that becoming desperate to piss at the same time as Jamie would cause.

"Fine," Jamie said reluctantly, "but this had better work". Ayo shot a sideways glance at Tessa, before replying uneasily.

"No promises, Jamie, but it's the best we've got".

Kevin looked at the clock and swore. "It's thirteen past, guys, we have a matter of seconds. Jamie, remember that you have to fight it as long as you can. It has to be a real accident, otherwise I don't think it will... you know, satisfy Cassie".

"Then do it with me," Jamie said evenly.

"What do you mean?" asked Tessa.

"Hold it with me, guys. I don't want to be the only one fighting it while you all just pee straight away. That's going to make things so much harder. Please, guys".

The five padded friends looked at each other across the room. None of them were keen on the idea of having to torture their bladders for the third time in twenty-four hours, but they needed to support Jamie. He deserved that much. Ayo was surprised to see Mark speak up first.

"I'll do it, Jamie," he said, "you don't have to do this on your own".

"I can't believe I'm saying this, but me too," said Tessa.

"And me," Zoe added, "although you'll all outlast my tiny-ass bladder anyway,"

"I'm with you, man," Ayo said. They all looked at Kevin.

"What the hell, might as well go out with a bang," he told them. Jamie looked genuinely touched, as if he hadn't been expecting more than one or two to agree to show solidarity. Ayo took one more glance at the box on the mantlepiece- the thing that had started it all. Outside, the sun was in the final stages of rising. Distant birdsong filled the silence, muffled only slightly by the glass of that stiff sliding door. For whatever reason, Ayo felt the urge to close his eyes while he waited. In the blackness, the sound of the birds was immensely soothing. A few seconds later, the quiet was broken by a soft Australian accent.

"Uh, guys?" he heard Zoe say, "it's starting".

Ayo knew she was right- he could feel it too.

"Yeah, mine too," said Mark, "it's like that first feeling of needing a pee but it comes so much quicker".

Already, Ayo's bladder was beginning to twinge uncomfortably. The last two times he'd felt this had ended in him- just barely- making it to the toilet. He knew that there would be a very different ending this time.

"Hey, can I say something?" said Mark meekly.

"What's up, dude?" asked Kevin.

Mark paused, and for a moment it looked like he'd regretted opening his mouth at all. But then he blurted out what was on his mind, it was the last thing Ayo expected to hear.

"I love you guys," Mark said, "and... thanks". It was by far the soppiest thing ever to come out of Mark Daniels' mouth, but Ayo appreciated it more than he could say. He was glad someone had vocalised how they all felt about each other. As they stood in a strange, disjoined circle on a stretch of tarp preparing to wet themselves simultaneously, Ayo decided that he could never have picked five people he'd rather be doing this with.

"Love you too, bro," Kevin said, almost smiling.

And then it began.

*034*2020-07-08 02:23

Within moments of the first signs of an urge to urinate hitting her, Zoe Johnson knew that she didn't have very long at all before she soaked her first ever diaper. It built up in her like a snowball, rapidly gaining weight and pace, becoming more and more threatening as the seconds ticked by. Her mind flashed back to the previous morning, when she'd been powerless to stop herself from going all over herself and the carpet. There was a degree of comfort, at least, in knowing that this time there was something saving her clothes from being ruined. It had felt weird putting the nappy on, but now she was incredibly grateful for its presence around her waist.

Opposite her, Tessa had started to move about as the need to go got stronger. Out of nowhere, a thought flashed through Zoe's mind- Tessa had never looked more beautiful to her than she did right now, as she fought to keep hold of her control and her pride. Zoe could just about hear the crinkle of Tessa's diaper as she began to squirm and dance.

"It's already bad, guys, I can't even keep still," groaned Tessa, flicking her hair out of her face with one hand.

"Me neither," Mark gasped, and Zoe's attention turned to him as she realised he was also struggling to stand up straight. Her own bladder was rapidly approaching a state of emergency, but she knew she had to ignore it as long as she could. She focused on Jamie, who was just to her left. He crossed his legs over in an apparent attempt to ease some of the pressure, and looked up at her with fear in his eyes.

"It's OK, Jamie," she said soothingly, "don't worry. Nobody will judge you when it happens".

"I will, Zo," he replied, "I really don't wanna wet myself in front of you".

"I don't mind, Jamie, I promise," she insisted, "It doesn't change how I feel about you". Their conversation was ended abruptly by the sound of Kevin swearing under his breath.

"I can't hold it much longer," he groaned, "This time feels even worse than the last two,"

"Same here," said Mark. Zoe made a mental note of that- was the need to pee getting more intense every twelve hours or was it her imagination? This certainly felt even more desperate than yesterday had. The previous morning she'd lost control and wet her pyjamas after around five minutes. That night she'd barely made it after holding for even less time. Now, just a minute or so after the first signals from down there, she already felt on the verge of a leak.

She wasn't the only one. Looking around the room confirmed that everyone else was in just as bad a state as she was. Tessa's dancing had accelerated to a frantic pace, constantly stepping backwards and forwards as her hand dangled just in front of her crotch as if she really wanted to just grab it.

"God I need a wee so bad," cursed the English girl, jiggling her hips as she spoke. Apparently she had to wee so urgently that the usually shy woman didn't care who heard her say it. Next to her, Mark had taken it a step further- he was openly holding himself with one hand, in a grip that looked like iron. Kevin had his eyes closed as if in prayer and his legs were twisted like a pretzel. Zoe could even see the sweat forming on Ayo's forehead as he fought to keep everything in. Finally, she turned to Jamie, who had buried both hands between his skinny thighs.

"You OK, Jamie?" she asked, bewildered that she'd found herself trying to be the reassuring one in the group. After all, she was the one with the tiny bladder. He looked her straight in the eyes and she saw that his own eyes were red, as if he was on the verge of crying.

"I need to piss, Zo. I'm so... so desperate to piss".

"Me too," she said, not having to lie to make him feel better. She was absolutely busting for a wee, but she didn't want to show it yet, "but you're doing so well. Keep going".

Mark yelped out loud suddenly. "I just leaked!" he said, almost shocked into being unaware that he'd announced it aloud, "I just leaked a bit. I can't keep this up much longer, guys".

"Dude, if you have to go, go," said Ayo, who was coping with the urge better than most, "don't hurt yourself. There's still five of us left if you pee".

"No way," Mark said, swallowing, "it was only one tiny leak. I'm still with you guys".

But their resolve was tested as the demands of their bodies only grew more intense. Zoe felt as though she could easily explode at any moment, and knew it was only by some miracle that she hadn't leaked yet. She caught Tessa's eye and grinned, despite the severity of the situation.

"Hey Tessie, remember the women's bathroom the other day?" she asked cheekily.

"Of course," Tessa replied, suddenly smiling back, "you peed for about two minutes straight. How could I forget?"

"Well, just think- that was before all the voodoo stuff. I need a wee way worse now. Just think how long I could go for this time!"

"It'll make the other day look like you were just taking a casual leak," Tessa laughed. Mark chimed in again, looking extremely worried.

"Uh, speaking of leaks, I just lost another few spurts in my diaper," he said shyly.

"Me too," admitted Kevin, "I don't know how much longer I can hold it".

"I don't know how much longer any of us can hold it," Ayo agreed. Even the usually proud young man had completely disregarded subtlety now- he was squeezing his crotch with one hand, a sight that Zoe was familiar with after the previous night, but which shocked the other half of the group. Zoe knew it was only a matter of moments before someone broke. She wasn't surprised when it happened.

"Oh God, guys, it's happening," came the gasp of realisation. Zoe turned towards the speaker and saw Mark frozen in place, his hand still desperately trying to squeeze himself closed through his diaper. It seemed as though his efforts were to no avail, however, as he began to fill his diaper with hot pee. "I'm pissing myself, I can't stop it. Oh God, I'm sorry," he sobbed. Zoe was sure she could hear the hissing noise from underneath the padding as her friend lost all bodily control. Tessa reached over and put a hand on Mark's shoulder, her motherly side kicking in once again.

"Let it out, Mark. It's OK. You held it as long as you could," she assured him, "this is why we're wearing the nappies".

"Oh man," Kevin moaned, "seeing people pee always has to make me go even worse. I think I'm about to wet myself".

"If it hurts, let go," Ayo reiterated, but Zoe could see he was shaking.

"I don't have much choice," said Kevin, "It's happening. It's coming out..." Zoe watched on in shock while he closed his eyes, tilted his head back and let out an enormous sigh of relief as he accepted his fate. It was just as he said- seeing Mark and Kevin lose control and piss their diapers had really made her potty emergency even worse. She turned to Tessa, who by now looked like a woman on the brink. She'd unbuttoned her skirt, and Zoe was amazed to see that Tessa had slipped one hand inside of her diaper to help her hold.

"Don't judge me," Tessa said in embarrassment when she noticed Zoe looking, "it was the only thing I could think to do and I really need a wee. I think this is gonna be the biggest wee anyone's ever done, I swear I could explode. I'm just about ready to flood this nappy". Zoe wasn't interested in judging Tessa for her holding methods; she just wanted to know if they worked.

"Is it helping?" Zoe asked, "the hand down there, I mean".

"Yeah, kinda," allowed Tessa, "but I'm still gonna do a wee... within the next thirty seconds". That was all Zoe needed to hear. She hitched up her dress and slid her left hand into the diaper, clutching her bare womanhood in her palm and starting to squeeze intently. After a few seconds she realised that the inevitable had already happened- she'd leaked into her diaper at some point, and now her palm was wet and warm with wee. Just as she was massaging her crotch to try and stem the tide, she felt herself failing; another hot squirt soaked her skin even while she tried to suppress it.

"You know that feeling you get when you're right on the edge of wetting yourself?" Tessa said. Everyone nodded except Jamie, who seemed a million miles away. "Well, that's where I'm at right now. I can feel the wee right at the tip. Not going to lie, I've already lost a fair bit of it".

"You're not the only one," Zoe said, "I feel like I'm doing more of a constant dribble of wee than leaking at this point". And it was true: the individual spurts escaping her privates and soaking her hand had melted into one long trickle that refused to be cut off.

"Uh, I'm kind of in the same position," confessed Ayo, "I think I have to let go, it's pretty painful". Tessa looked at him and their eyes met across the room.

"Do it," she said, and Zoe could tell from his expression that he had obeyed. His eyes rolled back slightly and his lips parted, while his hand finally left his crotch and came to rest by his side. Getting a front-row seat to her most adult friend going to the bathroom in a nappy couldn't distract Zoe from her own desperation, but it was enough to make her forget that she'd hitched up her dress to get her hand in the diaper, and she didn't even consider that all of her friends now had an unobscured view of her own protection over bare, smooth legs. Frankly, even if she had realised, she would have been past caring at that stage. While she watched Ayo relieve himself in awe, a noise from her left caught Zoe's attention and she looked over.

"You too, Tessie?" Zoe asked, but Tessa replied only with a nod of pure bliss. It was obvious that Tessa had finally lost the battle with her bladder, and for the first time in minutes she was standing totally still while several litres of wee flooded her nappy, no doubt soaking her thighs, bum and privates. But Tessa didn't seem to care about the soaking- she was far too absorbed in the relief.

"You can go too, Zo" said Jamie. For a moment she didn't know who had spoken, such had been the length of the silence from Jamie. She looked over at him, and was surprised to see his expression almost calm. "Let it out, I'll be OK". Zoe shook her head.

"I don't want to do that to you," she said, "we're in this together". The problem was that Zoe knew she had seconds left to spare, and Jamie must have known it too, because he smiled kindly at her.

"You don't need to hold on any more," he promised her, "just wee where you stand, and I'll take it from here".

She did as he asked. Without even bothering- or having time- to remove her arm from deep in the diaper, Zoe's dam burst and she finally started peeing in earnest. The flood was unbearably pleasurable, erupting from her urethra and spraying out in all directions through the gaps between her sex and the hand that was clamped to it. Unaware she was even doing it, Zoe let out a deep, animalistic moan of relief. She was just getting started, and already the diaper was starting to feel heavy with piss. It was beginning to sag, she was sure of it.

"Oh god, guys, I can't stop. It feels so good," she groaned aloud.

"Zoe, you're leaking!" Tessa cried, rushing over to come behind Zoe and lift her dress out of harm's way. It took Zoe a moment to figure out what was going on, but she quickly realised the other woman was right- looking down, Zoe could see streaks of yellow pee trickling down her legs which must have escaped the overflowing diaper. She was vaguely aware of the feeling of each drop rolling down her hairless thighs and dripping onto the tarpaulin, and yet the near-orgasmic intensity of emptying herself made it hard to focus on that.

Eyes closed, still pissing like that racehorse she liked to mention, Zoe heard Mark say "the box! Look at the box!" She forced herself to open her eyelids.

The tiny blue box on the mantlepiece was dripping. Yellow-tinted fluid was trickling from the crack in the centre, flowing down the side of the mantlepiece and landing steadily on the floor. As she watched, the flow seemed to be picking up, growing heavier. Still doing a wee on her hand inside the diaper, she turned to Jamie and had to fight hard not to be turned on by the sight.

Her closest friend- maybe her boyfriend- was just barely clinging on. Rivulets of pee had stained streaks of his sky-blue jeans, some running all the way down to his knees. There was a wet patch over his crotch that was now so big his hands couldn't cover it up. The scent of pee- all of their pee- hung in the air.

"Jamie," she called out softly, and he turned to lock eyes with her, "you can let go now".

"No! Not yet. I can still hold it," he insisted, looking as though he didn't believe it himself. Reluctantly, Zoe withdrew her hand from her diaper. Every inch of skin was drenched in her wee. She took the two steps needed to be within inches of Jamie.

"It's OK. You've done so well," she told him, "so well. But now you have to wee yourself. It's the only way".

"I can't," he said, tears finally forming in his eyes, "I can't piss myself. Not in front of you". From the corner of her eye she saw the stream coming from the box pick up in pace. There was no doubt in her mind now- it was yellow, and it was surely pee.

"It's OK, Jamie," she repeated, feeling like she was talking to a small child, "accidents happen to everyone sometimes".

He shook his head. "I'm sorry, Zo, it's not coming out. It's like it's stuck".

"Jamie?" said Zoe, putting her arms around him.

"Yeah?" he croaked, his voice thin.

"Shut up and kiss me," she ordered, and he did. And that kiss, that permission, was all he needed. As soon as they melted into each other's lips she felt his body relent, felt his knees go weak, sensed the pee begin to saturate his jeans and pour into a puddle on the ground. He groaned into the passionate kiss, and she tightened her arms around him to steady him.

"Guys, you might want to look at this," came Ayo's voice, and they reluctantly broke off the kiss to see what was happening. Both continuing to evacuate their bladders, they turned to the box.

It was gushing with pee, which spilt like a waterfall over the edge and onto the tarped-up carpet. The six friends huddled together, four in full diapers, one still soiling hers, the other flooding his jeans, to watch as the liquid poured. It was hypnotising.

"I'm almost done," Jamie told them as the flow of pee from his crotch began to steady. Sure enough, while he finished up, the stream emitting from the velvety blue box slowly began to die. Zoe put her arm around his shoulder as the couple reached the end of the longest wees of both of their lives at the same time. By the time each had been completely drained, both of urine and of energy, the box had completely stopped flowing.

For a moment, the six of them stood there in silence. Ayo, Tessa, Mark, Kevin, Jamie and Zoe. None of them cared one bit that the room smelt strongly of the wee of six different people. All that mattered was that their ordeal might finally be over.

"Is it done?" asked Mark, after a while had drifted by.

"I guess we won't know until tonight, man," Ayo said, "but if I had to guess? I'd say it worked".

"Holy cow, it worked!" Kevin grinned, "I can't believe one of my plans actually worked as intended".

"Hey, that's all well and good," Tessa interrupted irritably, "but I'm soaked with wee from my bum to my... thighs. Can we get a shower rota going?"

"Tax me first!" Mark said quickly.

"Surely I should go first, seeing as I'm the one who didn't have a diaper?" Jamie pointed out.

"No, I should get first shower," Zoe insisted, "I mean, my arm is soaked in pee".

Tessa rolled her eyes. She turned to Zoe and Jamie, who still had their arms around each other's shoulders.

"If you two agree to go last, we'll let you share," she offered.

"Deal!" they said in unison.

*036*2020-07-08 23:48

Here's the final part of the story! Once again I'm really grateful to everyone who's commented, upvoted, followed or otherwise supported my first story on the forums. All that's left of this one now is the bonus chapter involving messing, which I absolutely want to get around to soon.

###

To six young people who had spent the last three days under Parisian summer sun, the air-conditioned halls of Charles de Gaulle Airport were like stepping into a walk-in refrigerator. A jumbled assortment of bagpacks, rucksacks and suitcases were being lugged, carried and pulled along by the group, who headed together through the sliding automatic double doors and towards the set of automatic check-in machines that they'd used the year before. Some of them were booked to board flights that would leave within a few hours, but a couple would be waiting for most of the rest of the day before they could depart. Nonetheless, they'd decided to travel to the airport together. Not to do so would surely have felt wrong.

The last twenty-four hours had passed without incident. Other than some trouble for Zoe in the city, which she put down to the water being different, nobody had had any toilet-related problems that morning, or the night before. It seemed that, for now at least, Cassie's vengeful box had been satiated. Kevin's plan had indeed worked.

Free from that burden, they'd spent their last full day together in town, visiting the mall that Jamie had mentioned the evening before. They'd gone swimming, checked out almost every store and even caught a film, which Kevin was emphatically not allowed to pick. Dinner had been a casual trip to a family restaurant, before heading home to spend the evening in front of the fire with absolutely no whiskey. The conversation that night had been tinged with a sadness, though, because everyone knew they would be splitting up again in the morning.

But while they were still together, they intended to make the most of it. Airports aren't the most fruitful environment for spending quality time with friends, which is how they ended up huddled around a wooden table in a tiny coffee shop, just talking for as long as they could get away with. They discussed movies and music, videogames and sports, food, drink and drugs- anything and everything except for what had happened between them the morning before. Jamie didn't seem in any mood to even think about those humiliating events, let alone talk about them. And finally, as they'd known she eventually would, Zoe spoke up.

"I think I'd better get going. I'm screwed if I miss this flight," she said, standing slowly. One by one, she went in for a hug with each of her friends, and there was a certain deliberateness in the way she left Jamie for last. Everyone looked wounded, but he in particular wore a devastated expression.

"I really wish we could just stay here. Is Australia really that great? Don't you get too hot or something?"

She smirked, pecked him on the cheek and stepped backwards. "Yeah, it is that great. And we have proper Air-Con back home. Besides, I have Uni to finish". She must have read his eyes, as she hastened to add, "It'll be different this time, I promise. We'll keep in touch- all of us will. And we can try and do it again next year?" Zoe looked around at the others, as if she wasn't sure they'd want to come. And yet it was clear that everyone agreed.

"I'll owe my parents about thirty thousand favours," said Ayo with a wry smile, "but yeah, we should definitely try and do it again next year".

"But if anyone touches that box they will pay dearly," Tessa said. Zoe laughed her sweet laugh, turned, and headed for her gate. Jamie watched her go until she was out of sight. The five that were left slipped into a comfortable silence, feeling that nothing more needed to be said. The process had started. Soon they'd be back to their own mundane lives, dealing with the same issues as they had been a week ago.

Eventually, it was Kevin's turn to stand up and say his goodbyes. His flight back to Massachusetts was boarding, and being late wasn't an option. He hugged Mark longest of all and turned to the others, and everyone was surprised to see water in his eyes.

"Dude, are you crying?" Mark teased.

"No, man. Someone's probably cutting onions". Kevin smiled, turned to go, stopped himself and said the last thing anyone expected.

"Oh, and Jamie- I just remembered we forgot about that sixth diaper, so it's just sitting somewhere in your holiday house. Good luck explaining that to your old man," he grinned, and left without another word.

For a time, Jamie was silenced. But he found his voice, winked at Mark and said "I'll just tell my parents Kevin's got issues. They won't want to know the details".

Ayo was the next to leave, bringing in everyone for an embrace as he left. He told them he was sad to go, but excited to see Anwi and the rest of his family.

"Oh, and I'm looking forward to going a whole day without peeing in front of anyone," he mentioned before he left.

Mark turned to Tessa when Ayo had departed. He knew that she'd probably been even closer to Ayo than to any of them, and could tell that his leaving had hurt her. But, Mark being Mark, a sarcastic comment was the best he could offer her to help.

"You know, I always thought you two kids would end up together," he told her in the worst Southern American accent she'd ever heard. Tessa paused, looked up and smiled sweetly at Mark.

"Ayo? I don't think I'm really his type," she said, and she knew that he understood. Jamie was listening to the exchange curiously (although Tessa had the feeling that he hadn't picked up the subtext at all), looking at them as if he was trying to work out an optical illusion. But Tessa changed the subject with her usual swift grace.

After another half an hour, the time came for the three English kids to split up and head to their respective gates. Jamie's flight would take him to Heathrow, Tessa's to Southampton and Mark's to Manchester.

"We should make a proper group chat this time," Tessa suggested before she walked away, "so we don't lose touch again".

"Want me to do it?" Jamie asked. His role as organiser, bringer-togetherer, had suited him well. That was his place in the group- not as the leader, but as the connector.

"Nah, leave it with me," teased Mark, "I don't trust you in an admin capacity".

That was the last thing anyone said before the trio of weary friends said their goodbyes and went their separate ways. Tessa set down her rolling suitcase, extended the handle and set off on the trek towards her gate, leaving no evidence that these six youngsters had ever been there except a tip on the coffee shop table. As she reached into her pocket to extract her boarding pass, she felt her phone vibrate. She wasn't surprised to see two Facebook Messenger notifications on her screen, set on the backdrop of her wallpaper, a shot of that view over the city from her office window.

Mark Daniels added you and four others to a group chat

Mark Daniels named the group chat "Summer Reunion"

Tessa felt her heart soar, putting the phone back in her pocket just as she reached the front of the boarding queue. She knew there was a long way to go before she could see her friends again, but it didn't matter. Just knowing that there would be a 'next time' was more than enough for now.

Once Tessa had taken her seat near the front of the plane, she turned habitually to the window. There was just enough light in the right places that she could almost make out her reflection on the glass. She got her phone out again, settling down for the flight. There were two notifications.

“@catholicboy250316 liked your tweet”. Some things never change.

The second was a message in the group chat from Zoe. There were just two words.

Guess what?

###

High above the clouds that blanket the Indian Ocean, Zoe Johnson wasn't regretting buying the in-flight WiFi. After all, it was a long way back to Australia, and she'd never been good at being bored. The view from the window was magnificent, even if the food wasn't anything to write home about and the movies- Aladdin, Bedtime Stories, The Lion King- were all ones she'd seen before.

A young flight attendant was passing by Zoe's row when another passenger nearby stopped them. The passenger, an older woman, leaned in close to the attendant and spoke in what she must have mistakenly thought was a discreet voice.

"Excuse me, do you know when the seatbelt lights might go off? I have to use the bathroom".

"Sorry, ma'am," came the sympathetic reply, "we're anticipating some turbulence for a little while, so we need to leave the seatbelt light on for a bit longer".

Ordinarily, such news would have been concerning for Zoe. The young lady had, after all, a notoriously small capacity for holding, and now she could be denied a bathroom visit for any period of time. Already she knew that she needed a wee; her bladder was at the stage of twinging quite uncomfortably. But Zoe wasn't worried. Not this time.

As it already had countless times during the flight, her left hand snuck up to her waist and gently touched her dress. Beneath it, her fingers could feel the reassuring thickness of the sixth diaper. How none of her friends had noticed her take it, or that she was wearing it at the airport, was quite beyond Zoe. But they hadn't, and now here she was, in no rush for the plane's bathrooms to reopen.

No rush at all.

This was going to be a really fun flight.

END

*039*2020-07-10 08:40

{{6 hours ago, Alltheomorashi said:

What an incredible story! I envy your story telling prowess. It was compelling from start to finish and you should be very, very proud!

}}

Thanks so much! There's things I'm happy with and bits I'd like to improve in my next story. Mostly I'm just grateful that people have been enjoying it!

