A Bit of a Weed Problem (Shield Hero)

Author: NotACat

*000*2020-07-04 21:59

Written as a request for @daveshuyi, that turned out a bit closer to someone else's work than I'd intended. Hopefully there's enough of a difference for it to be enjoyable.

###

In spite of his reputation and the circumstances in which they had met, Raphtalia was reasonably happy with her life with the Shield Hero. While the other summoned Heroes preferred to spend their time between the Waves searching for dungeons and ancient artifacts, Naofumi made his living in a much more mundane way. A caravan protected by a Hero and a fairly experienced adventurer was far from an easy target for bandits, and when pulled by a queen filorial, it could cover ground nearly as fast as a courier on horseback. Unsurprisingly, many merchants that were willing to overlook his reputation were very interested in hiring them to deliver important cargo to dangerous or remote areas.

While attacks from jealous competitors or opportunistic bandits weren't uncommon, the trips were generally a welcome break from fighting for her life, perhaps even a bit boring. The out of the way destinations that their work took them to made up for that though, many of the small towns they had visited were home to strange and wondrous sights. Their current trip was an odd break from that pattern; a merchant had requested that they deliver a large batch of herbicide to a remote farming village with little explanation given.

Raphtalia may not have been a farmer, but she couldn't imagine why such a small town would need that much herbicide for their fields, not to mention the questions of how they could afford it or why they needed it so urgently - urgently enough that they'd been travelling since the previous evening with her and Naofumi taking turns at the reins; though if she was being honest, their job wasn't so much steering the cart as keeping Filo company and focused on the road ahead.

As the sky began to glow with a grey, pre-dawn light, Naofumi silently tapped her on the shoulder and offered to take her place. As she opened her mouth to protest, only to find a yawn in place of her words, Raphtalia headed for the back of the cart to find a few hours of rest. Tucking herself into one of the few corners not occupied by their strange cargo, she balled up her cloak as a pillow and tried to let the rise and fall of the road lull her to sleep.

Some hours later, an unexpected lurch startled her awake, interrupting the usual gentle sway of the cart and causing her to bump her head against the cargo and drawing out a yelp, more out of surprise than any real pain. Raphtalia grumbled as she rubbed her head and shifted herself into a more upright posture, a slight pressure between her legs making itself known as she moved.

“Awake back there? We're still a few miles out, but there's something off about the forest around here, I'll need you to keep an eye out for anything trying to follow us,” Naofumi called from the front.

As she pulled the curtain aside and took in her surroundings, it became clear that he was understating the problem a bit. Thick green vines grew nearly everywhere, all but choking the trees and spreading across the road.

“That's... worrying. Why didn't you wake me up earlier?” She asked. “I can't help if something attacks us if I'm not even awake.”

“W-well, it seemed like you needed the sleep,” he said, avoiding her eyes. “I can't really sleep in the cart anyway.” As he spoke, the cart drew to a stop.

“Honestly, I don't need any more sleep than you and we're practically the same level,” she said with a scolding tone.

“Hey, Master! I still need to pee! You said I could go once we'd stopped,” a rather annoyed filorial shouted from the front of the cart, taking her human form to slip out of the straps that attached her to the cart and bouncing on her toes, thighs pressed tightly together.

“Right, right. This is probably as safe a place as we'll find for a while. Don't run too far though!” He called after the bird-girl that had taken off at a sprint into the trees, a few small drips visible on the dirt she'd run across.

“Is that really safe? We don't know what's out there at all,” the demi-human said as her hands drifted to the blade at her side.

“She's been asking to stop for a little while now, and the brush was even thicker back up the road. It's not perfect, but it's probably the best we'll find for a while.” He shrugged. “Might not be a bad idea for you to go too.”

Raphtalia could feel a heat rising in her cheeks as embarrassment and annoyance fought for dominance. “I'm not a child, I can tell perfectly well when I do or don't need to relieve myself and I don't need you second-guessing me.” She huffed, crossing her arms. She probably could have peed if she tried to, but it was hardly urgent and definitely not worth putting herself at risk in an obviously abnormal forest just to deal with it.

“I distinctly remember you saying the same thing and then wetting yourself the second we got into the inn.”

Somehow, Raphtalia's face managed to get even more red. “That- that's different and you know it!”

A shrill noise, half scream and half bird's call echoed through the quiet of the woods, followed by the sounds of a very agitated filorial charging through the undergrowth.

“Filo, what's wrong!?” As Raphtalia jumped down from the cart and drew her sword, the large feathered figure of her friend broke through the bushes that once separated the road from the surrounding woods.

“Thought I saw an eye, like someone was spying on me. The vines have eyes!” The filorial was clearly more than a little agitated. “I could tear them, but they just keep growing back way too fast.”

“How did you get away then?”

“Grabbed the monster and threw it.” The bird all but preening as she spoke, before deflating a bit. “They taste awful though.”

Grabbing a quartet of bottles of herbicide from the cart, Naofumi pocketed a pair before tossing the one of the two remaining to Raphtalia along with a rag normally used for cleaning a blade. “If Filo's claws can't kill them, your sword probably can't either. Coating it with the herbicide might help.”

Hurriedly, Raphtalia popped the cork from the small bottle and soaked the rag in the vibrant purple liquid that spilled out. As she rubbed it onto the edges of her blade, her eyes darted between the tree line and the blade in her hands. “Are you sure that this will work?”

“Not completely sure, it might work though,” he replied, busy trying to convince his shield to take on the herbicide’s attributes. “The description claims it’ll damage anything with a plant type.”

“Master, they’re coming back, I can hear them,” the filorial interrupted, indicating a direction with one wing.

She’d barely had time to raise her blade into a ready guard before a creature that looked remarkably similar to the vines around them burst from the undergrowth, sharp teeth bared and anger burning in its single eye.

The creature lunged towards her, moving fairly quickly for a monster but not so fast that she couldn’t sidestep its attack. As it passed, she was able to deliver a blow to its midsection, the herbicide on the blade eating into the monster’s flesh and turning the light blow into a wound that nearly bisected it. A pair of quick stabs into each of the wriggling halves put the thing out of whatever misery it was capable of feeling, and out of the corner of her eye she could see Naofumi and Filo dispatching another of the creatures.

“They’re pretty quick for plants. How many of them did you see out there anyway, Filo?”

“Hmmm, a lot? A few dozen.” Raphtalia and Naofumi both visibly stiffened at her words.

“We can’t stay here then. Raphtalia, keep an eye on the trees, Filo, let’s get you hooked back up.”

“Right.” As her eyes swept over the path her friend had made while dashing into the trees earlier, the demi-human adventurer could feel a pang from her bladder. ‘Maybe I should have gone when I had the chance.’ She sighed. ‘At least the village’s nearby.’

–

On good roads, they could have covered the remaining distance to the village in under an hour; unfortunately for Raphtalia, the roads were anything but good; whatever was creating the vines seemed to be centered closer to the village. The green tendrils covered the road, forcing them to slow down lest they damage the cart or its vital cargo. By itself, this delay would have been unpleasant, but when it was combined with the rough road jostling her around, she needed to focus a significant part of her attention on her efforts to keep her clothes dry, attention that was sorely needed elsewhere.

They knew that the plant monsters were hiding out there in that sea of green, and the monsters were clearly aware of them as well, the rustling in the bushes hinting at the passage of the creatures tailing them. She couldn’t help but feel like they were taunting her, reminding her that stopping the cart and ducking behind a bush to empty her rapidly-filling bladder simply wasn’t an option anymore. Thankfully, the crowd seemed to be shrinking, the monsters themselves apparently reluctant to approach the town. The less-mobile vines didn’t seem to share their fear and lay thicker and more densely packed across the road than ever before, turning the ordinarily gentle rocking of the cart into the sort of ride one could expect when riding a wheelbarrow down a pile of rubble. Even as she could feel pins and needles starting in her crossed legs she kept them pressed tightly together, fearing that if she didn’t the next bump would send her over the edge.

The clinking of glass drew her eye to the crates of herbicide, the purple liquid sloshing back and forth in the small bottles reminding her far too much of the liquid shifting around in her own bladder. Feeling a twitch of desperation go through her lower body, she forced herself to look away and at the small pile of empty bottles left from the herbicide she and Naofumi had used. A treacherous thought came to the fore of her mind; the little glass bottles were clearly waterproof, and no one was likely to try to drink from a bottle that had just been full of poison. Surely, it couldn't be too bad if she were to refill one or two of them? Filo and Naofumi were both focused on the road and no one else would be able to see her in the back of the cart.

'No, absolutely not!' She tried to clear the very idea out of her head. Even if no one could hear what she was doing, even if nothing interrupted her, getting caught trying to dispose of a bottle of her own urine would be absolutely humiliating, and even that assumed that the bottle was big enough to contain everything she needed to let out. No, Raphtalia had said that she could hold it until they reached the village and she would stay true to her word, even if that meant dashing for the nearest privy before the wagon had even stopped. All she had to do now was convince her bladder to agree.

Each time one of the carriage's wheels bounced over a vine, the jolt threatened to force a spurt out of her body and into her clothes. With each impact, she could feel her urine moving closer and closer to freedom, until the first warm yellow drops reached her panties. She hadn’t completely lost control, not yet, but she could feel the leaks slowly soaking into her underwear as they changed from white to a pale yellow. At first, she tried to press her skirt between her legs to preserve some illusion of modesty, but after the first few leaks she could feel a slight wetness on her hand.

As she pulled it away, a slight stain was visible on the dark red fabric of her skirt and her lighter petticoat was certain to be in even worse shape. Reaching under her skirts to grip her womanhood directly was embarrassing, and the feeling of wet fabric on her wrist confirmed her fears for her petticoat, but it couldn't even be compared to the possibility of walking through the village with a visibly wet skirt.

As the incessant bumps continued, each was quickly followed by a small spurt of pee against her hand, the volume released increasing every time. What started as a few drops became a thimbleful, the thimbleful gave way to an ounce and as her control began to slip, it became a barely interrupted dribble. Even as the urine escaping her began to saturate the fabric between her legs, it wasn’t enough to feel any sense of relief. No matter how much she’d let out, it felt as though an ocean was still begging for release. She could feel her bladder trying to contract and force its contents out, trying to squirm past the increasingly fragile barriers she put in the way. She was completely unable to keep still, no matter how hard she could have tried, her legs shaking with effort and her heart racing.

Raphtalia was all but curled into a ball, both hands pressed firmly beneath her skirt, her legs knotted together as she sat on her heel, trying to put as much pressure as she could on the opening without disturbing the slight bulge in her lower abdomen. As the shaking travelled up through her body, it only served to irritate her already sensitive bladder, each new wave of desperation causing ever more movement in a vicious cycle. As that cycle reached its peak, she froze; she could feel the start of a stream moving down her urethra, not the drops of the early leaks or intermittent streams that had been making their way out so far, but a full-fledged torrent of pee and nothing even seemed to slow it down.

She had done everything she could think of to hold on, but after one final bump, her bladder had had enough; with a muffled hiss, a warm stream of urine sprayed into and through her underwear, the already-soaked fabric unable to absorb anything else. Not all of her stream was able to pass directly through though and the rest simply took the path of least resistance. Trapped between her skin and the fabric of her underwear, it poured out to the side and down the inside of her thighs.

As a sense of warmth spread from between her legs, Raphtalia couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief as she grabbed the side of the cart - the last thing she wanted was to fall into her own puddle, after all. Her skirt was short enough to be spared any significant damage beyond what her attempts at holding herself had caused, but her boots weren't going to be so lucky.

As any adventurer knew, waterproofed boots are a vital piece of equipment, and Raphtalia's were up to the task... from the outside at least. The stream falling directly through her underwear beaded up on the treated leather without soaking in, but all of the pee rushing down her thighs ran into one boot or the other, and she could feel an unpleasant warmth as their lining fabric became saturated and clung to her legs. One of her hands quickly darted between her thighs, trying to hold back the flood of pee as the other tried to pull off her long boots to prevent any further water damage.

As she struggled with her footwear, she could feel a powerful stream spraying directly against her palm, not even slowing down in spite of the pressure she applied. 'This just isn't working,' she thought; she couldn't stop her stream or get them off like this. She'd have to focus on one and abandon the other.

Making her decision, she tried to shake as much of the offending liquid as she could from her drenched hand, only to finally start tugging her boots out of the line of fire. As her urine continued to sheet down her thighs, she managed to pull one boot free, tossing it to the opposite corner of the wagon, hopefully out of range of the puddle beneath her. As soon as the other came off, it was tossed to join its twin, and Raphtalia settled back on her haunches to wait for her stream to end.

'However I want to look at it, this is a disaster,' she thought as her pee continued to spray against the wooden floor, pooling between and lapping against the twin barriers of her thighs before finally running through gaps in the floor to drip onto the road. She'd been so caught up in not looking like a child by asking for a break that she'd ended up wetting herself instead. As her bladder finally neared empty, her stream first becoming a small trickle and then intermittent drips, she could feel her face all but glowing with shame.

“Oi, seriously are you okay back there?” Of course that had to be the time that Naofumi knocked on the wall between the driver's seat and the cargo area. Of course all of the noise she'd been making wouldn't have gone unnoticed. Of course someone would have heard her flailing and throwing her boots around. She had to figure out some sort of answer, to think of something, anything but admitting what had just happened!

As she panicked and tried to come up with an answer, the cart's driver tugged the curtain aside and poked his head back to take a look. “What happened back here anyway?”

Fumbling for an answer, Raphtalia's eyes fell on the glass bottles around her once more. Maybe they could still offer some help. “S-some of the bottles fell over and spilled when we hit one of those vines.” She could only hope he didn't take the time to count them any time soon.

“Are you okay? The herbicide is more potent than the usual kind,” he said with worry clear in his voice.

“I'm f-fine, we spent plenty of time fighting poisonous monsters before. I can clean it myself, just focus on the road,” she said with a forced calm. Internally, she was screaming incoherently; at herself for getting into this situation and at him to leave before something tipped him off to just what that puddle really was.

As his black-haired head retreated from the interior of the cart, Raphtalia breathed a sigh of relief that quickly turned into a quiet groan of disappointment. If she'd thought concealing a few bottles was going to be difficult, hiding the still-warm puddle that stretched nearly a foot across the floor seemed nearly impossible, but she would put in the best effort she could. She had spare underwear in her bags and the rest of the clothes she was wearing were... not completely soaked. As long as she avoided thinking about just why they were wet, it was at least tolerable. Still, she was pretty sure she'd heard their client talking about a hot springs bath in the area. The sooner they could fix this village's problem, head to the baths, and she could scrub herself from head-to-toe, the better.

*001*2020-08-03 16:29

And a second chapter, still requested by @daveshuyi

###

After their adventures with the magical plants and the weeks on the road before that, Raphtalia was thrilled to get a chance to spend a few days at a hot spring. It almost felt like heaven - hot baths; good food prepared by someone else; and warm, soft beds, including the one she was currently sleeping in. Not everything could be perfect though, and her dreams weren’t nearly as relaxing as the previous day had been.

As she squirmed under the covers, she found herself walking through a massive, finely built hall, the scale and decoration calling to mind the larger guild halls or the royal palace. Despite those similarities, it differed from those structures in two key ways; first, the contents of the building; where the guild halls were filled with a range of offices, vaults, and desks, there was only one type of door leading away from the central hall of this building, doors that she somehow knew led to a bathroom despite the lack of markings.

Given the urge she felt, they should have been a welcome sight, but in front of every single one of those doors was a line at least half a dozen women long. As she walked through the hall, she noticed the second difference; while someone with a poetic inclination might describe a large room as extending as far as the eye could see, they did usually have quite firmly defined limits. No matter how far she walked here, the room and the lines of fidgeting women stretched out just as far in front of her as before. ‘Really, where did all of these people come from?’ she wondered to herself, gently placing a hand on her stomach, feeling the slightly taut skin under her clothes as her bladder strained below it. The women that made up the lines were somewhat odd as well; nobles in ornate gowns standing next to laborers in muddy, grey homespun dresses, all in similar poses with their legs shifting about.

As she felt a pang from her bladder, the adventuress picked up her pace, gradually shifting from a leisurely walk to a jog as she looked for a break in the lines. She could feel a small leak warming and soaking into her panties by the time she finally spotted what she was searching for: an open door.

“Finally!” she muttered as she rushed inside, trying to make her claim before anyone else noticed it. Once the door was closed, her skirt was raised, and her underwear was safely down, she dropped onto the wooden seat and let go. As her pee poured into the porcelain bowl, she felt the expected sense of relief, but everything else felt strange. Instead of the sound of a stream splashing into water, she heard a muffled hiss and she felt a warm wetness on her lower body that reminded her far too much of her accident on the cart. Even though she could see her underwear around her knees, she lifted up her skirt to double check and saw only bare skin and a pale yellow spray between her legs. ‘How strange,’ she thought, as a golden light seemed to fill her sight.

Yawning as she opened her eyes, the raccoon girl was met by a sun-drenched room, a painful fullness in her lower body, and an unpleasantly familiar wetness surrounding her butt. The last two jolted her the rest of the way awake, one hand shooting under the covers to prevent any further leaks as the other lifted them up to assess the damage. She was relieved that she couldn’t see any stains on the front of her dress or the bed surrounding her hips, but she could feel the wet fabric sticking to her butt and the back of her thighs.

Glancing quickly to the other bed and the girl she shared hers with, she was relieved to see that Naofumi had already gotten up and left on some errand, and that Filo was still soundly asleep. If she moved quickly and carefully, she could probably still keep this as an embarrassing incident that only she knew about. Sitting up all the way drew a protest from her body as the movement sent the many drinks she’d had the night before sloshing against the walls of her bladder.

With a deep breath and a squeeze between the legs to brace herself, she slid off the bed and into a squat, fishing around under the bed for the chamberpot that ought to have been there. To her annoyance and dismay, her hand only found empty space and even after leaning down to look, she didn’t find anything suitable for emptying her increasingly full bladder. With a huff, she stood up, feeling the contents of her bladder shifting as she moved, and stalked over to get the robe provided by the inn. Hopefully the knee-length garment would cover up any signs of her nighttime leaks on her way to the bathroom, the damp fabric of her underwear reminding her of them as she pressed her legs together.

A quiet snore pulled her attention back to the girl in the bed. ‘Good, still asleep for now,’ she thought, praying that she didn’t roll over onto her side. As quietly as she was able to, she made her way out the door and along the walkway outside to the communal bathroom. ‘I can’t drink so much tea with dinner again, no matter how good it tastes,’ she chastised herself as she walked, thighs pressed tightly together and hips wiggling slightly. Soon enough, those drinks would be running down the pipes, leaving just a small amount of laundry to hide the evidence of her mistake. As she rounded the corner separating her from that relief, her heart sank; three other guests were lined up in front of the door, all showing similar signs of impatience. ‘Of all the times to start having prophetic dreams, why did it have to be now!?’ she shouted internally, trying to keep her face neutral as she took her place at the end of the line.

“Excuse me, do you know how long they’ve been in there?” she asked the woman at the end of the line, grasping the sleeve of her own robe.

“As long as I’ve been here,” the woman grumbled in response, shifting on the spot. “I’m half-tempted to go and water the flowers.” She gestured at the courtyard as she spoke.

Raphtalia shook her head, trying to banish the mental image of squatting down and releasing her waters among the plants. “There must be bathrooms somewhere else around here.”

“You’re welcome to go looking, but I don’t think there are any closer than the baths or the front desk,” the woman said with a shrug.

‘There might not be a chamberpot in the room, but there has to be something,’ the raccoon girl thought; at this point, she’d settle for anything that wasn’t soaking herself in public. Driven by that purpose, Raphtalia turned on her heel and headed back to the room as quickly as she dared, yanking open the door as soon as it was in reach before starting her frantic search. There was no shortage of bottles in the pile of their equipment, but every one of them was tauntingly full of liquid. She’d hoped that the herbicide bottles from their trip to the village might have been saved, but at some point they’d been sold or left behind. As she bounced on her toes, she spotted the empty bottles that had held a special spring water the night before. Water that she’d consumed and that was now quite eager to get back out, as another pulse of pressure was keen to remind her.

There wouldn’t be enough space in them for everything she was holding, but maybe letting a bit of the pressure out would let her delay the inevitable until the bathroom was empty. After a quick check that the room’s other occupant was still sleeping, she grabbed one of the small glass bottles while tugging up her skirt. Pulling her slightly wet underwear to the side and pressing the small mouth over her opening gave another leak the chance it needed to make its way to freedom, the small volume of yellow liquid pooling in the bottom of the clear glass bottle.

Biting her lip and squeezing her eyes shut, Raphtalia could feel another spurt, trailing the first past her floodgates and hissing as it began filling the bottle. With her dam broken, the rest of her pee eagerly followed, spraying the glass with a tinkling sound as the level of frothing yellow liquid rapidly rose. She sighed as the pressure inside her slowly decreased; it was so tempting to just relax completely, to abandon any control she had left over her bladder, but she still had to be able to stop once the bottle was full. She hadn’t let out enough to truly feel relieved yet, but it was certainly taking the edge off of her need.

The sounds of shifting covers and a grumbling filorial drifted over from the bed; apparently Filo had been woken up by the noises she’d been making, and it would be hard for her not to hear or see what Raphtalia was up to. With clenched muscles and gritted teeth, Raphtalia managed to slow down her stream enough to pull the bottle away and clasp a hand over her still dribbling girlhood. It almost stung to go back to holding in her pee again after that bit of relief, but she managed to pinch off the flow, at least for now.

While no longer peeing was an improvement, it still left her standing in the middle of the room with her skirt around her waist and a bottle of warm pee in hand. Letting go of her underwear and skirt, she winced as her panties were again subjected to warm wetness. As the other girl’s feet thumped onto the floor, she hid the small, unpleasantly warm bottle of her urine among the pile of other vials and equipment on the table, silently praying that no one would find it before she’d had a chance to dispose of it properly.

The winged girl wobbled a bit as she got to her feet before bolting towards her friend, wrapping herself around the raccoon girl’s midsection.

“Morning Raphtalia!” the winged girl said with a smile, looking up as she squeezed the taller girl in a hug.

The bundle of feathered energy clamped right over her bladder was quite possibly the worst thing that could have happened right now. As the filorial squeezed her, she could feel a small leak trailing down her thighs and dripping onto the wooden floors. ‘Please don’t let her look down,’ she pleaded internally before returning her greeting. “G-good morning Filo. Could you let go of me, please?”

“Ehh, why?” Filo asked, reluctantly letting go. “Is there something wrong?”

“N-no. Nothing at all,” the raccoon girl lied, hoping the other girl wouldn’t notice any small puddles on the floor that might give her away. “I just have some things I need to go and do.”

“Oh, before you do, could you help me put my robe on?” Filo said, running over to grab the garment from the chair she’d tossed it onto before falling into bed the night before. “Naofumi said I should be careful about tearing it with my wings.”

Raphtalia snuck a longing glance at the door to the outside, trying to reassure herself. ‘This should be quick, right?’ With a sigh and a squeeze of her thighs, she turned to face her friend and accepted. “Alright, bring the robe over here then.”

“Thanks!” the bird girl sang as she hopped in front of Raphtalia, twitching her wings in anticipation. “Once I’ve got it on we can go back to those hot pools again!”

Carefully, Raphtalia began guiding the tips of Filo’s wings through the slits on the back of the robe, trying not to catch any feathers on the edge. “They’re baths, remember? They aren’t for swimming in,” she reminded the girl, trying to take her mind off of the steadily growing pressure between her legs.

“But just sitting there is boring!” The smaller girl shifted as she spoke, dragging one wing closer to her body, undoing Raphtalia’s work.

“It might be boring, but sometimes it’s what you have to do. Times like right now for example,” she said, a small amount of irritation seeping into her voice as her task got longer. Apparently her change in tone got the message across since Filo stayed quite a bit more still as Raphtalia made her second attempt. She was bouncing on her toes by the time she’d finished pulling the wings through their openings and smoothing any ruffled feathers, but one more obstacle was behind her. “Alright, done,” she said, letting out a breath she hadn’t realized she’d been holding.

“Yay, thanks! Let’s go to the baths then!” the bird girl shouted, jumping up and spinning on the spot.

“Ah, you can go ahead, I have a few things to deal with first, alright?” Raphtalia explained, trying to avoid going into detail.

“Huh?” For the first time that morning the smaller girl really looked at her friend. Something about her red cheeks, shaking legs, one hand clenching her skirt seemed familiar. “Oh, you mean you need to go drain the dragon, don’t you?”

“W-where did you even hear that phrase?” Raphtalia asked as her blush spread from her cheeks up towards her ears.

“Just some adventurers in the inn,” the bird girl said, shrugging with her wings. “Anyway, do you?”

“I think that applies to some… anatomy that I don’t have. Just run ahead to the baths, I’ll follow you in a little bit.”

“Fine,” Filo said, drawing the word out, before making her way out onto the raised walkway and running off towards the baths. With a sigh, Raphtalia followed her out of the room before closing the door and heading in the opposite direction.

As she walked to the bathroom for the second time that morning, Raphtalia was annoyed at how similar it felt. Whatever pressure she’d managed to relieve into the bottle had been filled right back up in the time it had taken to help Filo get dressed. As she shuffled along, trying not to separate her legs too much, she hoped that helping someone else might encourage the gods to smile on her and make the line a bit shorter.

Luck clearly wasn’t on her side this morning, as the line had instead become even longer, extending past the corner of the building. She let out a groan as she held a hand between her legs, her desire to keep her clothes relatively dry outweighing her sense of modesty as she weighed her options. Saying in line and wetting herself in front of everyone there was out of the question. But there were bathrooms in the dining areas of the inn, weren’t there? It was a longer walk than she wanted to make in her current condition, but it was the best, and probably only, option available.

As quickly as she could manage, she hopped down the stairs. Her bladder protested, but only a few residual drips from her underwear landed on the treads. She could see the building that housed the kitchens and dining room across the courtyard, an open grass area with a covered walkway running around the edge. Cutting directly across could be faster, but would put her in view of anyone looking out from the inn’s rooms. No, the longer but more hidden option was probably safer.

While carefully making her way along the path, she noticed a downside to her chosen route; it took her directly past the open door to the kitchen, and judging by the sound, near the basin being used to wash dishes. The splashing sent a shiver up her spine, causing her ears and tail to twitch as it passed. ‘The faster I get past this, the less time I’ll have to spend listening to it,’ she thought, dashing past the doorway, hoping no one picked that time to look outside. Unfortunately for her, she passed the doorway just as whomever was inside poured the contents of a pitcher back into the sink, the splashing of a strong stream pouring into water sounding all too familiar.

Prompted by the combined physical stress and splashing water, an even stronger pulse of pressure made its way through her lower body, forcing her urine down the short path to freedom as her muscles contracted. She had only put a few steps between herself and the doorway before the jet of pee made its way into the open, quickly soaking into the already damp fabric pressed between her legs and causing her to freeze in place. In a last desperate attempt to hold back her flood, she held one hand over the other, pressing it against her lips, but the stream only seemed to gain strength.

She could feel the jet of warm urine spraying against her hands, almost as if the layers of cloth separating them from the source weren’t there. Her pee flowed through her fingers, running down her thighs and along the lining of her skirt, mostly travelling down to pour from the hem, with a small amount soaking in. As everything she’d been holding flooded out, the warm liquid gradually spread through her clothes, leaving a growing patch of darker red fabric on her front.

The muffled hiss of her release was joined by a set of splashes as the streams falling from her skirt landed in the puddle that spread across the stone around her feet. Even as an unpleasant heat spread down her legs and across her cheeks, the feeling of her bladder deflating was almost heavenly and she slumped against the wall behind her. She pressed the hand that hadn’t been completely drenched in urine over her mouth, trying to avoid letting out a sigh that would surely be heard by whomever was in the kitchen.

There was no way of avoiding being seen in wet clothes at this point, but having someone catch her mid-stream would just be too embarrassing to bear. She could feel a lump forming in her throat and tears pricking at the corner of her eyes as she stood with her back against the rough stone wall, wetting herself for the second time in as many days.

‘No.’ She shook her head; crying and feeling sorry for herself over this wouldn’t fix anything. She’d made a mistake the night before, but the problems that had come one after another this morning had, mostly, been out of her control. She’d put in the best effort she could in the circumstances. ‘If only the bathrooms were a little closer,’ she grumbled to herself as the torrent of pee gradually began slowing down, dwindling to a dribble running over her hand instead of a forceful spray.

The last of her bladder’s contents ran gently down her legs before the reservoir inside her was finally empty. Releasing her grip between her legs and over her mouth, she let out a quiet sigh as droplets of pee fell from her soaked clothes and underwear, spreading ripples across the shallow, faintly yellow pool of hot water she’d left on the flagstones. It would only get more likely for someone to come investigate the noises she’d been making the longer she stood over her puddle, and she reluctantly pushed herself away from the wall. She tried to tiptoe around the puddle as much as possible, heading for the inn’s front desk and planning her next steps as she put some distance between herself and the scene of her accident. If she could claim that she’d spilled something on her clothes they would probably loan her another set and weren’t likely to insist on getting the dirty clothes back on the spot, giving her a chance to at least rinse them.

“At least there’s a bath nearby this time,” she muttered to herself.

