Mate, what? - a story about who knows what

Author: Nissannavara

*000*2024-04-11 03:34

It's that time again. I'm bored and have literally nothing to do. This story will have someone parts, but will not be entirely Omo situated. It's just basically a story to write when I'm bored at home.

None of the characters are real (except me)

I'm in bed, it's stupid o'clock in the morning on the second day of the holidays when I get a text from one of my mates: "hey dude, are you up?" I text back: "yeah what do you want bruh?" He replies: "I just found a couple of shitty old cars on marketplace, $500 for all 4, lets build them into budget rally cars, the bros and their girls are on board too, you in?" Me: "fuck yeah I'm in, just wish I had a GF too lol" bro: "lol alr meet at mine at about 12 tmr"

Me: "alr gotcha"

*I eventually fall asleep*

*I wake up, feeling somewhat refreshed somehow, so I take a shower (or stand in a steamy glass box for 40 minutes and stare at the floor)*

I jump in my trusty pastie mobile (the mighty AU falcon) and drive to me mates house. Once I get there the boys and their girlfriends are already sitting in the shed, and I see 4 shitboxes sitting on and under the lifts. Im immediately absolutely fucking appalled to see a VL COMMODORE GROUP A THAT LOOKS LIKE IT HAS BEEN Sitting IN A CREEK FOR A YEAR.

Then I see an Audi 80 cabriolet. I think to myself "ok, pretty normal looking" before remembering only 500 were brought into Australia. Again, absolutely gob smacked at the condition. Muddy and dirtw called everywhere, clear coat peeling, rust on every body panel, etc etc.

Three next one, way less rare and the cleanest one of the bunch, a 1st gen Holden rodeo. It has a cracked dash and some surface rust on the front left door, but other than that looks clean.

And the last one. A VC commodore S with the 1.9 litre Opel motor. In slightly worse condition than the rodeo

Ok, that's chapter 1 done, might do more later.

*001*2024-04-11 22:38

Chapter 2

After finally walking into the garage, I just say "mate, what?" And he says back mate, yep."

The girls giggle a little bit after way say that.

The other 2 bros finally arrive, William and Ben, who their girlfriends have beaten them by like 10 mins.

I start wondering how we are gonna select our cars.

Then bro (who we'll call Max) says "just choose"

So I start thinking, what car will I choose? After considering the options, how easy it will be to fix, the rally ability, the aftermarket parts, etc etc. I chose the commodore, because who doesn't love a VC? Or a Holden for that matter. Ben chose the walkinshaw VL, William chose the Audi 80 cabriolet, and Max was practically forced to choose the Rodeo. (Also I didn't mean to use 3 Holden's I just thought of cars off the top of my head and used them)

After we chose our cars. We found out only the rodeo was running, the VC commodore (my car) just had bad spark plugs, and the Audi 80 and the VL would need new motors, due to tha fact the vl had a hole in the engine block and the Audi 80s motor had multiple rusted holes going in to the cylinders, and was also seased.

