A World of Late Bloomers

Author: Noface

*000*2022-11-24 10:32

Feel free to skip to the next paragraph if you don’t give a shit about me (understandable honestly) It’s been a while since I posted huh? As a quick rundown and something I’ve talked about briefly elsewhere I was dealing with a health complication that wasn’t anything serious but made writing smut very unappealing. After that I started writing again but usually for other fetishes unrelated to this or nonsmut. This isn’t me fishing for support or e-crying I just thought I’d bring it up again here for reasons that will become apparent momentarily. I don’t plan on a drastic increase on output anytime soon, this is and always will be a when I feel like it sort of thing. Just know that me not posting for a month or two doesn’t mean i’m dead or retiring or anything. Beyond that tangent, as I’ve also stated before I have military grade writers block. 

I have several settings where I’ve used a similar gimmick to this one but they really aren’t related. Most of them have some choices a later found questionable from a worldbuilding pov that wished I could change; Inconvenient Entanglement is the first time I was somewhat happy with the premise. That and other factors lead to me getting fatigued with the stories. I still plan on finishing IE since there are other aspects of that story that have my brain hooked on finishing it, I’ve actually already done the ending and just need the middle and some important filler, but I’ll be moving away from longform continuous stories for a bit to try and move past this writers block. Anyway, to the obligatory worldbuilding and thread explanation blurb.

This isn’t a single story and more a place to post some stories and explore unrelated concepts set in the same universe. In this setting people don’t gain full bladder control until later in live, usually mid teens for men and late teens to early twenties for women. Some people are trained earlier, some are trained later, but more or less everyone will be out of diapers before their 21 barring outstanding circumstances. That said seeing a person in their mid twenties wearing pull-ups Incase something happens or good nights for bed wetting isn’t unheard of even if a lot of people would be embarrassed about it. Most stories are gonna be one or two parters that could be just modern day stories from the setting, stories from the past or future, in universe fiction, etc. Might reuse characters from time to time depending on how i’m feeling, idk. This is mostly a place for unrelated vignettes in the same universe. Anyway, that’s enough stalling.

Date Night

“Eric, can you pick up some diapers for your sister on your way home?” Eric’s eyes shot open as he read the familiar message from his mother.

”I’m on a date Mom!” He quickly replied in text.

”So what, she probably needs some too.”

”She’s 18 Mom, she’s out of diapers already!” Eric angrily replied.

”Sweetie please just get them for her. I’ve been at work all day.”

Eric groaned audibly. “Fine Mom.”

”Thanks. Oh, and I put some pull-ups in in your glove box. Make sure to wear them. You don’t want a damp spot showing on your shorts.”

Eric sighed and stashed his phone in his pants pants pocket. “Mom knows I haven’t had that happen in over a month, I wear underwear around the house. Why does she always harp on me about wearing those when i’m out.” He took a sip of his soda and glanced over to the clock in the center of the mall. Well, mall is generous. It was more of a half dead shopping center kept alive by the fact nothing else was nearby. He agreed to meet his date here and drive her to the movie theater in town since she lived so far away from school and he was wanting any chance to spend time with her.

“Sarah was suppose to be here five minutes ago.” He thought to himself with a bit of worry as he closed his eyes. His mind turned to something his mother said about her probably needing to pick up some diapers. “I wonder what she does wear under those Daisy Dukes? In middle school and high school girls would always show off their waistbands if they were in pull-ups or panties but that kinda stopped in college I guess. Most girls are in pull-ups and the ones that aren’t hide it now. She’s always wearing those tight shorts. Even if her shirts are long enough to cover her waist she can’t be wearing anything too baggy. I bet she’s in panties, maybe something lacy, or maybe she’s going commando tonight.” His imagination was interrupted by the feeling of his pull-up and shorts growing tight against his member. He felt a bit of embarrassment wash over him and zipped up his jacket to hide the evidence of his contemplation.

Before he could think anymore he heard something calling out too him. “Hey Eric, there you are!” He looked around to see a athletic blond girl with short denim shorts and a white tee shirt walking towards him. “Sorry I was late, our dog got out and we were all looking for him. Cell service is spotty out her too so you know.”

”It’s fine, don’t worry about it. The move doesn’t start for almost an hour anyway so we have plenty of time to get there.” Eric said without any hesitation. “My car’s right outside, it’s about a 40 minute drive to the theater.”

Sarah grabbed his right hand and started walking towards the door. “You know I could start meeting you closer to the school or in town or something. You don’t have to drive all the way out here to pick me up.” Sarah said with a relaxing southern draw.

”No, it’s ok. Seriously. I could honestly pick you up at your house if you wanted.”

”No, that’s fine. Dad still doesn’t know i’m dating and I’d rather him not point a shotgun at you until at least the fourth date.” Sarah said with a laugh. “Oh hey, mind if I drink some of that?” she said motioning towards his coke.

”Oh, sure.” Eric said with a nervous laugh. “Better not being you back late I guess, don’t want any more holes in me than I need.”

Sarah took a long drink from his soda before responding. “Don’t worry, he’d just shoot out your car windows first as a warning. Maybe sick Dixie on you if you really pissed him off.” She said, this time without a laugh.

Eric cleared his throat before opening up his car door. “After you” he said quickly in a attempt to change the subject.

The two loaded into the car before Eric pulled out and started the lengthy drive to the theater. Sarah stretched and laid her purse in the back seat. “So how’s your day been?” She asked before taking another drink of his soda.

”Oh, pretty good I guess. My sister has been studying for the SATs for the last few days so things have been pretty peaceful.” Eric looked glanced over to Sarah guzzling down his soda, keeping his peripheral vision focused on the road. “I really should have gone before we left the mall.” He thought to himself as he recognized a urge that had snuck up on him. He only moved into pull-ups about a year ago and had trouble with wetting himself on occasion until about four months ago. For all the progress he had made in the last year he still had problems recognizing when he needed to go, often putting off or not realizing he needed to go until the need became more apparent. “I should be good until I get to the theater. Just keep focused on it and clench.” He thought to himself with a long exhalation.

”Cool, Spanish has been kicking my ass but mostly things are good. My brothers have been practicing a lot lately, the school thinks they’ve got a chance of getting drafted to the NFL so their skills need to be on top shape.” Sarah said feeling around in her pockets. “Hey you got any android chargers in here? My phone is about to die.” She said as she was about to open the glove box.

Eric’s mind flashed back to what his mom told him over text. “No!- I don’t have anything for android.” He said trying to not sound as anxious as his immediate reply made him sound.

”Oh… ok.” Sarah said leaning back into the seat. “So how much longer till we get there?”

”Should only be another 10 minutes or so unless something-“ Eric cut himself off when he saw a car in front of him as well as the car in the lane immediately next to it slam on their breaks. He pressed his foot down, coming to a stop in a little less than a second with a loud screech oh his tires.

”Shit! What was that?” Sarah yelled catching herself against the dashboard.

”Looks like someone wrecked up ahead.” Eric said, trying to catch his breath while looking around to make sure no cars collided. He leaned back, becoming instantly aware of a clammy dampness around his crotch. “Fuck fuck fuck!” He thought to himself, clinching his muscles as tightly as possible. He looked down to inspect the damage. His shorts were thankfully dry, not showing any aspect of the leak he had just barely ended.

”Well, looks like we aren’t getting to the movie on time.” Sarah said with a chuckle before adjusting her sitting position, leaning on the side of her hip and bringing her legs together.

Eric focused for a few more seconds to make sure the leak from before didn’t start again. “Yeah, I guess so.” He said leaning forward on the steering wheel. “Shit, I almost pissed myself. We better get there soon, I don’t think this will stop another.” He had only recently managed to convince his parents to let him start wearing lower protection pull-ups, the young adult ones that don’t provide much protection aside from a occasional small leak and have the same profile as normal underwear.

The two sat there for the next few minutes, barely inching forward every so often. “Uhhg, when are they going to get this cleaned up. I’d turn around if there weren’t so many people behind us.” Eric groaned in frustration, barely having the headspace to hold a conversation her Sarah. His desperation had grown more apparently since his minor accident. Something he still had problems with was how fast his need grew once he realized he should go to the bathroom. He normally made a point of going more often than he needed to to avoid this exact problem, now he was praying that he could reach a bathroom before his protection and muscle strength failed him.

”Hey… can you… pull over.” Sarah asked. “I gotta go.”

Eric looked over to see her leaning against the window with her legs pressed together. “Oh, sure. Don’t worry about it.” He said as he hastily pulled off the road and onto the dirt near the guardrails.

Before Eric could say anything else Sarah threw the door open and started fast walking to the tree line. “Thanks!” She yelled before as she was visibly undoing the button on her shorts.

Eric immediately got out of the car before locking it and running for the trees as well. He pulled the front of his shorts and pull-up down before directing his penis. His stream began before he could get properly positioned, spraying the side of the tree he was standing behind as soon as it was free of obstructions. He sighed, looking down to see a large damp spot on the inside of his pull-up. “Damn I almost didn’t make it, I hope Sarah doesn’t see-“

Eric looked over to see Sarah standing with her shorts pulled down to right before her butt, revealing what looked like a blue pair of pull-ups with another stain in their crotch. She was standing with her pelvis thrust forward and her legs as far apart as she could manage; she had her hands in front of her doing something out of sight as a wild spray was erupting in a slight forward arc, barely missing her shorts. He could hear her minding something from a few feet away. “Ah crap I hope I don’t get any on my shorts. I need to stop trying to pee like this when I need to go this bad.”

Erics stream died down soon after. He looked away and pulled up his shorts, hoping she didn’t see him looking. “So she does wear pull-ups.” The thought filled him with a slight hope that she wasn’t entirely out of his league. “Why the blue ones though? The padding on those is different.” He quickly walked by to the car hoping to get changed before she got back. He desperately wanted to avoid having to sit in those until the movie theater.

He got a text message from Sarah before he could sit down. “Hey. This Is a little awkward but do you have any protection in your car?”

”Like, what kind?” He asked hoping that she might ask about condoms.

”Do you have any pull-ups I can borrow? I didn’t bring a spare”

Somehow Eric could feel a embarrassment from behind the screen, both because he would be embarrassed too and because she took so long to type. He thought about if he should say yes for a minute before sighing and reaching into his glove box to grab some of the pull-ups his mom left him. He walked back to the woods to bring them to her, seeing that she had a small damp spot around the top of her shorts that she was clearly trying to hide with her shirt. He could also tell that she was standing in a way to try and avoid a leak from her almost full pull-up. “Hey, here you go. Sorry all I got are the mens.” He said with embarrassment before turning around.

”It’s alright. I’m use to using the boys model, when I was younger my Dad decided he wasn’t going to keep buying diapers my brother started wearing pull-ups. So he started buying my brothers and I the same stuff to save money. Part of being the only girl in the house.” Sarah said, grabbing the pull-up he was pointing towards her from behind his back.

”Really?” Eric asked, thinking back to what he saw a minute ago. He though back to seeing her standing with her ass showing towards him, causing his manhood to tighten against his damp pull-up again.

”Yep, it’s why I got out of diapers at 12. I kinda had problems holding it long enough to reach a bathroom around the farm or on long car trips though so I taught myself to pull my pants down and go whenever I needed too.”

About half a minute of Eric imagining her naked from the waist down later her felt her arms wrap around him. “Thanks for giving those too me.” She kissed the back of his neck. “I’ll go back to the car and see if I can call my Dad to let him know I’ll be back a little later since we need to see the next showing. See you in a minute.” Sarah said nothing that he had brought two pull-ups with him, realizing the implication.

So that’s this story. I might do a part two if people care to see the movie, might now. What does everyone think? If I do a part two I think I’d rather do it from Sarah’s perspective since I prefer female Omo to male.

*002*2022-12-13 08:45

{{ 

On 12/4/2022 at 6:57 AM, Jimmy Olsen said:

It's a fun little story, and could be the start of an epic padded romance!

I was excited to see you writing about one of your urinary elseworlds, though I have to admit I was disappointed to see no dimensional crossing or cultural clashing. I love "diaper worlds" and I'm happy this one doesn't only put the padding on women. You deliver the female content most of us are here for while also tying continence and protection issues into relatable male insecurities. Sarah's blue trainers and boyish rural background are unexpected developments in what was already an interesting scene. I do have to question her clothing choices since it seems to me Daisy Dukes would probably show the thickness of her underwear pretty clearly and would likely reveal the edges through the leg holes at times. Another thing I feel the need to nitpick is the large number of typos.

This is a good story that comfortably fits a fair amount of incident and imagination in what I thought was going to be a simple little scene. I hope you write about the rest of Eric and Sarah's date. It could get awkward if the movie or ads relate to diapers or trainers!

}}

I will admit the spelling errors do get on my nerves as well and it's very much a result of my workflow, that is writing everything in one draft on my phone. Not a excuse and something I'm considering moving away from. As an aside I am definitely finishing Inconvenient Entanglement, I'm just stumped on where to go now. This is mostly a place for stories that don't warrant their own setting work or much set up.

Anyway. I don't intend to make any one story a recurring thing but I can see myself making a two or three part story if I feel like it. Oh and the daisy dukes thing I guess does warrant some explanation. Basically the idea I was going with was that she and Eric were both in the sort of basically underwear stage where you're just wearing them to stop little leaks on the way to the bathroom or if their bladder gets squeezed or jostled since their muscles are still on the weak side. I should have used a different term since I envisioned them being slightly more padded than depends or something. That's why they don't hold much of anything and why a small leak had the two of them worried. 

I'll also say something I'm not sure I sold well in the story is that Eric is on the older side for a guy wearing anything more than this protection -18 when the average age for getting out of heavy accident protection is 17- and he kinda rushed into it once he was comfortable making it to the bathroom. He still subconsciously writes off signals that he should go to the bathroom until it gets uncomfortable. Normally someone would stay in heavier protection at that point buuuuuuuut he made a point of going to the bathroom more often that he thought he needed too so he could talk his parents into letting him "graduate" so to speak and buying the these. I don't plan on sliding this in anywhere so I feel fine putting it here. Sarah has a bit more complicated of a story but that's something I might go into with a story since female omo is more my jam. Tangent aside I'll try and make the distinction in protection levels more clear in dialogue, that was a snafu on my part.

But with that out of the way.

Date Night Pt. 2

BOOOOOOM

SREEEEECH

"take that you damn sharkbait!" yelled a brunet haired man with shortcut hair. He looked down from his concrete perch too the lower level of the oil rig. A group of heavily burnt fishlike humanoids recoiled from the flaming oil drums that had just burst into a fireball a moment prior. The dozen or so monsters leapt back into the water as the sun peaked over the horizon.

"Damn, I don't know why Nick Zimmer sells cheesy one liners like that but it's always the best part of these movies." Sarah chuckled to herself as she shoveled popcorn into her mouth.

"I know, right." Eric looked over from the screen to grab some popcorn for himself. "Anyone else and that would have been lame."

Sarah set her hand down on Eric's, causing a smile to form across his face. Sarah smiled back before looking back at the screen. "Come on it's been an hour and a half almost, the midroll should be any time now." Sarah though to herself while rubbing her legs together. Her urge wasn't exactly overwhelming but the lack of backups and her earlier near accident had her worried. She had only felt a urge for the last 10 minutes or so and she knew from experience that 25 was around the point where she should begin to worry, but the soda she was drinking had her nervous.

"Do you think they're gone?" yelled a blonde woman in a lab coat running out from cover.

"It's fine, they only come out at night." Replied the man from before as he jumped down.

"But the boat wont be back until tomorrow, there's no way we can survive this again Jonny! Not with everyone injured or-or worse!"

"Relax, we'll figure something out. For now just try to get some sleep Janet, neither of us will be any use to anyone on this damned rig if we're exhausted." Jonny walked through a door to the lower decks before stopping for a shower.

Sarah cringed slightly at the sound of running water. "Come on! Maybe I should just say screw it and go now." Sarah thought to herself. She glanced over to Eric looking up at the screen. "Damnit after earlier I don't wanna just leave before- uhg." Sarah looked over back to the screen, seeing a girl that looked about 18 shuffling away from a boy she was sitting next too and towards the doors as her neck craned over.

A shirtless Jonny laid down trying to go to sleep in a bunk in what had served as the foreman's quarters until about a week ago.

Creak

Jonny looked up to see Dr Janet walking through the door. "What's wrong?!" Jonny yelled while reaching for his gun.

"N-Nothing!" Janet said, taking a step back. "I mean... I-I can't sleep is all. Every time I try to doze off I think about those things. Can I..."

"it's ok, come on." Jonny said motioning her over. "Not everyone can see shit hit the fan without blinking."

Janet walked over and sat down on the bed beside of him. "It's just... I have a life at home. I just came here to test core samples and leave, I have friends, family, I have a plan, things I want to do. And these fish freaks come along and turn everything topsy turvy for me. Suddenly I don't even know If I'm making it out of here!"

"Don't think about that. Remember what you got waiting for you but focus on what's happening now. You only walk outa hell one step at a time. Live in the moment."

"Live in the moment huh, one step at a time?" Janet said while she looked down at Jonny beside her. She fell over on top of Jonny and kissed him.

The two stared at each other for a second before Janet broke the silence. "Sorry I just, I needed to do something before-" Jonny craned his head up to start kissing her again. Janet climbed on top of Jonny while the two started puling her skinny jeans down, revealing a pair of white panties in the process.

Sarah sighed internally before thinking to herself. "Why do they always have to focus on the actress's underwear in these pg-13 sex scenes?"

The two ground against each other while Janet pulled her shirt off before the screen faded to black. The theater lit up a bit as the screen quickly shifted to the sight of a some people in their late teens walking around with friends, laughing, playing sports, etc. with a x-ray view of their underwear. The gays had blue disposable underwear with a thin layer of padding around where their penis would be and the girls had padding reaching further down providing better leak guards around their legs. "New Discreets for young adults have advanced anti-soak technology that's 3x more absorbent and slimmer than the leading brand in leak protection. Accidents happen, we all know it, that doesn't mean you need to let anyone else know."

Sarah let out a relieved sight before standing up and passing her popcorn to Eric. "Anyway I'll be right back." She said before quickly shuffling out of their row of seats. She looked down seeing a few other men and women around her age getting up.

"Ok, I'll go get us a refill." Eric said before standing up and walking out the door.

Sarah hurried along in a fast walk to the bathroom, trying not to look like she's in a rush while a few other people almost sprinted past her. "Couldn't happen a moment sooner, I felt like a balloon there at the end. Thank God this place staggers their intermissions out or this place might be full." She thought to herself, clenching her teeth and clamping her legs together as she walked. She quickly walked into the woman's bathroom, seeing that about half the stalls had been occupied. Before she could go into one she saw the girl that had hurried out of the theater walking past her with a deflated look on her face. Sarah could see a damp patch on the front of her black sweat pants that was mostly covered by the jacket she had tied around her waist.

Sarah took this as a cue and rushed into the nearest stall before shutting the door behind her. She unbuttoned her shorts and pulled them down with the trainers Eric gave her before s=slamming herself down on the toilet. She let out a long and satisfied sigh as her bladder emptied itself. "That felt like a close one, I couldn't stand to wet these after earlier." She ran her thumb across the lower portion of the padding on her borrowed protection. "Dry, good. I was worried for a second I might have sprung a little leak or something."

As her bladder finished emptying itself Sarah's mind turned to what had happened on the drive here.

"Shit! What was that?" Sarah yelled, catching herself against the dashboard.

"Looks like someone wrecked up ahead." Eric said in reply.

"Well, looks like we aren't getting to the movie on time." Sarah replied with a laugh while leaning back. As soon as she relaxed she felt a familiar damp sensation that had crept below the ill fitting absorbent padding in her trainers and down to her butt. " Shit! Please PLEASE tell me it didn't-" Sarah thought to herself looking down to her short to see that the leak has somehow been contained. "Oh thank God. I really should have went before I left home! If I move around too much or leak again this is going straight into my pants."

The two sat there awkwardly for a few moments before Sarah broke the silence. "Hey... can you... pull over? I gotta go." Thankfully Eric obliged and pulled over, allowing Sarah to hop out and awkwardly shuffle towards the woods, shoving her hand down into her pants to make sure none of the pee that wasn't absorbed couldn't leak out into her pants.

She quickly pulled her shorts down as soon as she was out of sight, ripping her trainers in the process. She pulled the skin around her womanhood up slightly and leaned her pelvis forward as a spray of pee erupted towards the tree in front of her with a few inconvenient dribbles falling down and further saturating the already wet padding.

Sarah was getting up from the toilet cringing at that event and having to ask Eric for a backup after forgetting both to go in the field before getting in her car and forgetting to get any spares out of her car. "I'm surprised he even wanted to come here after that, I hope I didn't weird him out earlier. And I really overshared earlier too! Stupid!" She said herself under her breath before heading to the sink to wash her hands.

Her mind turned back to when she first got out of heavy protection diapers once two of her older brothers started toilet training, and too all the embarrassing accidents and changed pullups that happened around the farm. She ran through twice as many as her brothers and somehow managed to leak through the protection on those pullups more than once. "Man, back then I couldn't tell when a leak was coming on and It was all I could do to stop them long enough to pull down my damn overalls. How is it that I'm somehow having more close calls now than when I had to time myself to avoid a accident? Then again until about three years ago I guess I always just went every hour on the dot, since I stopped having to time myself I guess I just got bad about putting it off."

"And to make all this worse with Eric he saw me pissing standing too, hope he doesn't think I'm weird or something." She walked out of the bathroom as a memory of all the times she got poison Ivy on her butt around the farm until she figured out that her brothers avoided it by just not squatting. "Last time someone saw me doing that I had to deal with rumors all through grade school."

Sarah walked back to the theater.

So I hope i managed to curtail some spelling errors here but no promises. Either way I'd like to hear what people think and if they have any other ideas for this mess of a thread.

*003*2022-12-15 10:30

Anyway if someone has any ideas for how to resolve the terminology issue let me know. For now I'm going Diaper and pullup for the obvious and something like trainers, leak blockers, or disposable underwear for the kind of minor leak low coverage stuff that has the same silhouette as normal underwear like what Eric and Sarah wear. If anyone has a better suggestion then please let me know. Contrary to what you might think I'm not really into abdl and I don't know much about the lingo. Anyhow gonna go off the rails a bit for something different. This should be one of the last uploads for a while since this is a dump for stories that were bouncing around in my head for a bit without a home to land in. Think of this as a exorcism of brain worms.

No Gamer Pants

"Aaaaaaaand there we go boys!" clap "Thats a shiny Azurill! Fuck, it's Thick Fat though. Gonna need a ability capsule for that." A pink haired anime girl in a sailor suit said from the screen, her image transposed next to a videogame. "Seven down, ten counting evolutions. That's pretty good for eight hours, right chat? We're 50 down to a living shiny dex, only what 350 to go for this game?" She said with a laugh. The chat scrolling past her started scrolling again with a few replies to her previous statement.

Verdant Moose: ":LunaLoveHeart: Shiny Sunday Hype :LunaLoveHeart: Shiny Sunday Hype :LunaLoveHeart:"

Hexadon: "400 exactly but legends are shiny locked, so 344 to go."

Metapod Used Harden: "Doing viewer battles after this?"

The anime girl cocked her head to the side before answering. "Well yeah gonna need to wait for a event for those, hope they at least put them in a raid instead of making them a handout like every other fucking shiny legendary. But yeah I might do some viewer battles later I'll have to see how I'm feeling. Need to end the stream soon."

Verdant Moose: ":LunaLoveHeart: Shiny Sunday Hype :LunaLoveHeart: Shiny Sunday Hype :LunaLoveHeart:"

Hexadon: "I miss when legendary pokemon weren't shiny locked"

Woopsire: "Just found your stream last week, do you have a vod/clip channel?"

She took a second to look over the responses as they were passing before speaking again. "Oh, yeah the channel name is different from my twitch handle though, Luna Waverider was taken somehow so it's Loona Waverider with two Os instead of a U. We're almost at 300 subs there guys so if you could stop by I'd really appreciate it. I upload there every day, if its not a stream vod then it's a shitpost. Speaking of which we're finally getting over 100 viewers consistently on these streams guys, thats huuuge. I just really wanna give a big thank you to everyone here" Luna said with a smile.

Verdant Moose: ":LunaLoveHeart: LOVE YOU LUNA :LunaLoveHeart: LOVE YOU LUNA :LunaLoveHeart:"

Codfish: "How do you stand streaming for so long in one setting every week?

Sneed: "8 hours no bathroom breaks? Diaper must be soaked now."

Luna's pupils and irises shrunk down. "FUUUUUCK YOU! What you just go up and ask people that shit irl!?"

Metapod Used Harden: "We call them gamer pants around here. :AnnoyedDolphin:"

Sneed: "kek"

Hexadon: "I thought we were calling them flood walls now?"

"STOP ENCURAGING THEM!" Luna yelled in a over the top voice. "God I hope this meme dies soon."

Woopsire: "Gamer pants? Flood walls? Whats the meme? If it annoys you why not ban the people using it?"

Luna sighed for a second while she used the game's fast travel menu. "Ok to explain the meme. These streams always go long and a never take many bathroom breaks. Most vtubers, i guess most streamers in general really, either take a lot of bathroom breaks or take almost none. So some people on twitch have fun guess if they're in diapers, training, or whatever. Some other vtuber said that she always wears "gamer pants" so she doesn't have to run to the bathroom in the middle of something important."

Sneed: The gamer pants rant clip

"Yeah, someone came to my chat joking about the gamer pants shit and, well, that clip happened. Somehow the clip of me ranting about a stupid diaper meme for 10 minutes blew up to 10k views on my youtube channel. Now people joke about it in chat since they know it gets under my skin BECAUSE ITS A DEAD FUCKING MEME! Ok. I do not nor have I EVER worn a diaper during these streams." Luna yelled while scrolling through her items menu.

Sneed: "Only dead when you do a dampometer stream."

Quiotix: "Oh you're where that meme voice clip comes from, I thought it sounded like you."

Woopsire: "Then why don't you ban em?"

"Honestly woop, to be real here, it doesn't bother me that much-" She closed her menu as the chat scrolled past.

Sneed: ":DolphinScreem:"

Metapod Used Harden: ":DolphinScreem:"

Codfish: ":DolphinScreem:"

"Yeah yeah dolphin scream. Point is you can't let yourself get mad at chat ok. Do that and you just become the meme, better to fuck with chat as much as they fuck with you. Have fun with it you know? Also fuck you, dampometer streams are for gimmick streamers playing jumpscare horror games." Luna stopped speaking as her character started moving around the map allowing the background music to fill the silence.

Behind the screen a brunet girl with hazel eyes took a second to screech her arms, adjusting the mic on her desk in the process.. She was wearing a long, loose fitting tee shirt and black socks that came up too her knees. Her chair was black with a minimal padded back that looked comfortable but was obviously not designed for lengthy use times. The seat itself was only about a foot and a half off the ground and had a solid plastic construction leading straight down to the floor instead of the usual rod leading down to a set of wheels. The seat was plastic with minimal padding and was positioned directly behind a reservoir that was nearly full of liquid.

She squirmed for a instant as a sensation she was made aware of minute or so ago was becoming stronger and more urgent. She reached over to her desk and flipped a switch on her mic, causing her streaming interface to show that sound recording had stopped. She leaned forward and pulled the hem of her shirt back, revealing her bare crotch. She positioned her vagina over the reservoir in her chair before mumbling something to herself. "113, 114, 115- nhgggg." hisssssssss She sighed and relaxed her grip on her enteral damn as a small stream of urine flowed down into the hole in front of her causing a splattering sound to fill her dark bedroom. She pulled a damp wipe out of a dispenser on the side of her chair and wiped herself down before leaning back and pulling her shirt back to its original position.

She flipped her switch again after leaning back to a sitting position as her recording set up displayed that it was capturing her voice again. "Anyway guys I think I should probably call it here." She said as she pulled up her save menu. "Sorry my back is killing me. Next Sunday we're going after Palafin for sure!"

Verdant Moose: ":LunaLoveHeart: LOVE YOU LUNA :LunaLoveHeart: LOVE YOU LUNA :LunaLoveHeart:"

Metapod Used Harden: "Looking forward to the Tuesday online ladder climb stream."

Sneed gifted 20 subs

Sneed: "New chair fund."

"Bffffffh, Thanks. I- UH. Damnit you gotta do that when I'm ending the stream." Luna shouted. "Thanks guys but I really gotta go! Cya!"

She hit the button to stop streaming and powered down her PC before standing up. She screeched to try and relieve and tension in her back. "Fuck I know these aren't meant to be used for eight hours straight but damn that hurts." She sighed again before pulling a removable bucket like reservoir out of the chair she had been sitting in and carrying the full container to the bathroom adjoining to her dormmates room. She tipped the heavy container into her toilet, flushing it at the same time to make sure it didn't over flow. "10 times today, that's one less than last week at least." She returned to her room and placed the container back in her chair before sitting down on her bed to check her text messages.

Dona: Yo Rosie, wanna go out for drinks tonight with Nick and I?

She took a second to reply. "Sorry, class tomorrow and then a shift at the bookstore after."

She flipped through pages of apps on her phone to open the reddit app before swapping to a throwaway account. She looked through replies to see a few dozen, all to a comment she made last night in r/DiaperBurner. She took a second to read through it again before checking replies. "I (18 F) had a pretty demoralizing revelation a few minutes ago. I realized I was out of night diapers so I asked my roommate if I could borrow a pair until I could go to the store tomorrow. She told me that she hasn't worn those in six months. SIX MONTHS. She's younger than I am. I'm a straight A student. I work two part time jobs basically, one self employed and both of which decimate my free time.

She's coasting on Cs and her parent's money. This is so frustrating. I've been following all the advice this sub's given me and I don't even have two minute's notice before I piss myself. I can't even make it to the toilet in my own house sometimes, I need to carry a Gatorade bottle around my room. Even when I do it feels like a controlled accident instead of actually using the toilet of my own volition. Forget making it to the toilet when I'm at work or school. Every time I buy diapers, yes I don't even feel safe wearing pullups because when I tried them I ended up leaking through them in less than a week, I feel like the universe is making fun of me. I need some advice.

Rosie looked over the replies. "Damn I really over shared didn't I." She scrolled down to the lowest rated comment first, a tradition she had born from morbid curiosity.

She came to a comment that had been downvoted into oblivion. "Controlled accidents are honestly the best you can hope for if you can't hold back a leak for more than 5-10 minutes. You're at the stage where your body just isn't ready for much more. Yeah it sucks that some people just develop sooner than others, but you can't just hack your way into panties over night. That said you can develop skills to manage it, limiting liquids outside of your home, peeing preemptively in a toilet to avoid inconvenient accidents, etc."

Rosie moved her thumb to downvote it before stopped and scrolling up to see other replies. "Hopefully there's more better advice here.

"Have you tried setting a timer and going every 30 minutes, 45 minutes, etc? That worked wonders for me. I got into pullups in less than a month!"

Rosie glared at the screen before talking to herself. "No shit, thats only the first piece of advice you read in the fucking stickied post." She scrolled down to see a reply to that comment from a moderator she recognized.

"If she's been following our advice then she has tried that. She may still been in the automatic voiding phase of continence development, in the pined post thats the pre-voluntary control phase. This is rare for her age but not unnatural, around 8% of 18 year old females are still pre-voluntary. It's only medically concerning if she lacks the ability to void voluntarily in at around 20."

Rosie groaned seeing that reply. "Well at least 8% of people my age are as slow as I am." She looked to see if the same person had replied elsewhere.

"Hello u/throwaway2631! I hope you consider joining us with your main account. Regardless I do have some advice, feel free not to respond. Regardless of your stage of continence development it is important that you never consider any voiding as "accidental". You aren't subject to your body's urges and neurology, you are permissive of it. This mindset may seem minor, but it isn't. Do not allow yourself to "leak". When you feel the desire to pee, see it as a request from your body to you. 

Even willingly peeing in a protective undergarment isn't a issue when you are the one choosing to do so. Be knowledgeable of your limitations and try to urinate in a controlled location whenever possible, but if you believe it isnt then you should pee before your control over the situation lapses. Think of it like a orgasm, what is happening in your mind is just as important as what is happening to your body. Try to isolate what muscles flex and relax when you pee, figuring that out is key to exiting the pre-voluntary stage as progressing during the early semi-voluntary stage."

Rosie sat her phone down and opened her laptop. She downed the last of her gatorade before opening a paper she had been working on last night. "Ok just 300 more words on Roman military tactics and I can go to bed." She typed aimlessly for another half hour or so with historical sources and documentaries played at 2x speed sped through her mind. The words from that commenter bounced around in her head a few more times. "Maybe I should put a diaper on? No, I can make it to my chair or use my Gatorade bottle if nothing else, and if I wet that diaper I'm gonna need to sleep in it. I only bought a four pack of night times from the vending machine last night and the sale at the grocery store doesn't start until tomorrow, I'd hate to buy the overpriced shit from the bookstore because I ran out." She thought to herself as she screeched.

Rosie opened a incognito browser hoping to blow off some steam now that her paper was finished. She started typing "Broly Hentai" into her browser before her mind turned back to the specific advice she had gotten. "I know how to stop myself from peeing even if I'm not very good at it, but I haven't figured out how to go when I don't feel the urge too. Whenever I try I just sit there until a urge comes over me..." She threw her legs over the side of the bed and pulled her shirt up to reveal her bare bottom. She sad down on the edge of her bed with her legs spread wide.

She positioned her empty bottle with it's opening pressed tight against her urethra and leaned back whispering to herself with artificial assuredness. "Ok i've been fighting you but now I'm gonna work with you. I drank that Gatorade a while ago and that always goes right though me, I know I've got some pee inside me and you're gonna let it out right now like it or not." The awkwardness of the situation crossed her mind for a moment before she pushed the thought back and opened up a youtube video of running water. She pressed down on her stomach and tensed every muscled in her abdomen should could manage. "Come on come on, I am not putting up with this shit. I am going to piss wherever and whenever I damn well please!" She said more loudly this time knowing that her roommate was away.

She sat there shoving and grinding the bottle against herself and pointlessly flexing her gut for the next five minutes. "Come on just remember when you pee. What do you do? What do you do? Uhhhgggg I am not moving from this spot until I... Come on..." her body relaxed. She thought back to all the times she had tried to hold back her pee before her efforts gave in and her bladder had emptied itself without permission. "Come on! Come on! I can do this! I call the shots! Come On... COME ON!... 

Come- Oooooooonnnn-" her train of thought was interrupted by a familiar sensation, a muscle flex she was familiar with but never called intentionally. She felt a short golden stream exit her body, ending almost as soon as it had begun. "Nope, not done yet. Come Oooooon. Thats right!" She flexed again causing the stream to resume. She grit her teeth and exhaled as a shiver went up her body; the golden stream from before grew stronger before turning to a trickle and ending. "OH YESSSSS!" She yelled, much louder than she was intending.

"WOOOOO, YOU GO GIRL. WONDERING HOW LONG IT WOULD TAKE FOR YOU TO GET LAID!" Replied a familiar voice from the other bedroom.

Rosie's face turned red. "No, i was just- I'm having private time!" She yelled before thinking of the implications.

"Then don't test vibrators out while others are home, that shit's weird."

Rosie scowled for second before examining the bottle. "At least this is progress."

*004*2023-02-05 05:35

I'd like to hear some more ideas for this little experiment, it's fun swapping around characters. I want to go back to some of my older writing projects soon but for now I need to get some ideas straight to end my writers block. If you have a idea you think would be cool feel free to suggest it! And if you wanna make something with the same idea id love to hear it.

Date Night Pt 3

Eric and Sarah walked out of the screening room as people flooded out. "Man did they really need to include one of those extended universe teasers in the end credits?" Sarah groaned.

"Yeah it's a bit overplayed at this point, especially for a monster movie franchise." Eric said while taking sip from his drink. "But hey, it might be fun."

"Yeah but I hate staying til the end credits over everything now."

"Then why did you want to?" Eric asked.

"Well-" Sarah said; tossing their empty popcorn bag away. "If they're gonna do it then I want to see what's happening."

"You sound like you would have been pissed if they didn't have a end credits scene."

"Well yeah, then I would have waited around for nothing." Sarah said looking over to the overly long bathroom lines created from two movies ending at the same time. "But it's the principle of the thing. They really shouldn't be tacking on 30 second trailers onto the end of every movie, at least have it play during the credits or something. I don't know."

Eric looked over to the bathroom lines just as Sarah looked back to him. "Man I was hoping to pee before we left." He thought to himself. He didn't feel like he needed to piss yet, but then again he rarely did. He was at the point where he only ever noticed he needed to be when the situation was urgent and he only had about 15-30 minutes before things got risky. "Does she need to pee? Should I ask her? I know you aren't suppose to ask a girl about her diaper unless she leaks through her clothes, but what about a girl that just wears leak stoppers like her? Should I ask her if she needs to go? Should I let her tell me?"

SNAP "Hey Eric, everything OK?" Sarah asked, interrupting his inner monolog.

"Oh, yeah nothing."

Sarah smiled back as her mind starting running through the situation. "Uhhhg I really don't wanna wait the 10 minutes it's gonna be for me to get in the bathroom. I don't gotta go yet... but if the urge hits me on the road that could be bad. These things probably can't take it if I start leaking, and if that happens twice on one date I'll never live it down. Maybe he needs to go to the bathroom, if he does then he won't mind the wait."

"Hey, you ready to go. I don't wanna keep you out late." Eric said with a smile.

"Yeah, sure."

The two piled into the car and road for the 20 minutes or so; the radio blared pop music while they discussed the movie.

"I'm just saying that the whole fishpeople origin story didn't make any sense, did they live in a cave they drilled into or something?" Sarah said while leaning forward on the car's leather seats.

"Probably plan to explain it in a sequel or something. I'm more confused where they got all that ammo from."

"The main character was a navy seal, those guys like hoarding ammo wherever they go if they can get away with it."

"You sound pretty familiar with the subject." Eric said with a laugh.

"Dad use to be in the military. I met a lot of his old friends." Sarah said finishing off the last of her drink.

"Really..." Eric said with some hesitance. "What branch was he in?"

"Complicated, use to be in the seals but apparently most of what he did officially never happened. He always joked that he'll tell me when he's on his death bed."

Eric laughed for a second before looking over to see that Sarah still had a serious face. "Oh... cool." Eric said nervously. He glanced down for a instant to see that Sarah's legs were pressed together, and he recognized that she was fidgeting slightly. "Does she need to pee? Should I ask her? Does she even realize she needs to pee? Sis always fidgets like that for a few minutes before she gets up to pee, and mom told me I tap my foot when I need to go even if I don't realize it. Maybe I should make a excuse to go to a place with a bathroom or something." Eric thought to himself as he looked to the side of the road to see a sign advertising a gas station a few miles down the road. "Hey Sarah, do you mind if we stop at that gas station? My drink is empty."

"Oh, sure." Sarah said to herself as she adjusted her position in the seat again.

They pulled into the parking lot before the two piled out of the car and went into the building. Eric went to look at the coolers while tapping his foot. He looked over his shoulder to see Sarah standing in place looking at the snacks. "Should I ask her if she needs to go? If I don't she might need to go while we're on the road. Uhhg what do I do?" Eric thought to himself before a idea popped into his head.

"Hey Sarah, I'll be right back." He said pointing to the bathroom.

Sarah's legs shifted slightly towards eachother when she heard that. A background pressure that she had somehow ignored while sitting in the car made itself abundantly apparent. "Crap, I hate it when it sneaks up on me like this. Uuuhg I gotta go." She thought to herself before replying. "Oh, sure I guess I better go too."

The two of them walked up to the single person bathrooms in the back of the place. Sarah stopped at the women's door. She tried to turn the handle only for it to be stopped by the lock on the other side. "Damnit, uhhhhhg why does it always get worse closer to the bathroom like this." She thought to herself; fighting the urge to shove her hands between her legs.

Eric walked into the men's room, ignoring the situation. When he walked in he suddenly felt a strong pressure in his abdomen. "good thing I decided to come here I guess, I needed to go too apparently." He said to himself as he pulled his pants and disposable underwear down just past his butt down, not bothering to lock the door. He decided to forgo the urinal on one side of the room and instead stood in front of the dirty toilet before he began relieving himself.

HISSSSSSS

"Ahhhh, that feels better."

Eric heard the door slam open. He looked over to see Sarah walking in with her thumbs in the waistband of her shorts. Eric shifted away slightly to hide his penis before looking away. "Ah, Sarah, I'll be done in a-"

Sarah sprinted behind him before pulling her shorts down to her knees, barely having time to assume a position in front of the urinal with her hands pulling her womanhood up. "Sorry, sorry, sorry, I just really-"

HISSSSSSSSS

Eric could hear her pissing right behind him wither her shoulders brushing up against his back. He looked forward awkwardly as the sound of their streams splattering against the porcelain filled the room; fighting the urge to look behind him to see her bare butt inches away from his.

"Sorry, I just- I know this is weird." Sarah said awkwardly.

"No- no its fine. It's cool actually." Eric said, trying to reassure her without thinking.

"Cool? You don't think I'm weird?" Sarah said, trying to break through the noise of the two of them peeing next to each other.

"No, it's fine really. I'm a little curious how you do it-" Eric said without thinking. "Damnit, that sounded weird, I'm just making this conversation more awkward."

"What? Uh... maybe I'll show you..." Sarah said, trying to find a way to defuse the situation.

The two just looked forward silently for the next second or so until Eric finished. He shook his penis to free the last few drips before pulling his pants up. He turned around as soon as he heard the sound of her pee stop. He spun around just in time to catch a view of her pulling up the trainers he gave her earlier which now had a miniscule damp spot on the bottom.

She pulled her shorts up and turned around to see Eric rushing to the sink. The two of them started washing their hands together in the sink, avoiding any eye contact.

"Hey, Sarah, I don't think you're weird. Hey knowing how to go without squatting like that helped you out twice tonight so It's pretty useful I guess."

Sarah looked towards him before turning the faucet off. "Yeah but it's weird you saw me like that. It's embarrassing."

"Hey, we've all had a few close calls. That's nothing to worry about."

Sarah leaned over and kissed his cheek. "Come on, lets get going."


