Tex's Vice (Contains furry, adultery, and pee desperation of course)

Author: NearNudeLayla

*000*2018-08-12 17:41

I debated putting this in interactive, but I'm actually goong to do most of the writing without reader input. At the end of each part I may ask for some input, but its not necessarily you picking what the characyer does, just helping me decide what to write next.

If a mod feels this should actually go in interactive, then I'll post it there.

Enjoy!

“Fuck you!” Tex screamed to her husband as she slammed the front door. She marched straight to her car and peeled right out, going into town. The german shepherd had no friends in this city. She and her husband only moved there because it was cheap. Tex drove towards the city, unsure of where she was going exactly. Alone time always did her some good.

After driving into the city for about half an hour, Tex had calmed down. She tried to find a good place to turn around down the lane and go home. As she looked around, she started to regain awareness of the rest of her body. The very first thing she realized is her bladder was just about as full as it could get. Luckily, she swerved right into a parking lot.

The good news is the parking lot had cars in it, meaning whatever business nearby was open. The bad news is because it was full, Tex had to search for a parking spot, leaving her in anguish for a little bit longer. She would be extremely upset if she wet her favorite denim short skirt.

Luckily, someone backed out of a spot ahead of her, and she pulled in. She quickly turned her car off, stepped out, adjusted her white blouse, and locked the car with her key fob. She fast-walked her way right to the door of a club. She made her way inside, tensing her core and pelvic muscles. She was greeted by the bouncer. He had a cute face for a tiger, but his body definitely fit the part for his job. Tex smiled at him.

“Hey. I was wondering if I could just use your bathroom?” The tiger looked her in the eyes with a straight face.

“Sorry, miss, but it’s a twenty dollar cover charge, and I’ll need to see your ID.” Tex gritted her teeth and held her legs together.

“Please, I really have to go. I promise I’ll be in and out.”

“Sorry, but you aren’t getting in without the cover charge.” His response made Tex weigh her options. She could pay him and be out twenty dollars just to use the bathroom, or she could take her chances and try to go somewhere else. She decided the latter option would lead to a disaster.

“Fine.” She gave in and clumsily dug the bill out of her purse and put it right in his hand, then dug out her driver’s license and showed it to him. He smiled.

“Thank you, ma’am. You may enter.” Tex immediately just threw her wallet and license into her purse and darted inside. She spotted the bathroom by the bar and made a beeline for the ladies’ room.

Sweet relief.

Tex exited the bathroom and glanced at the bar. She stopped for a minute and had a thought.

“I paid the cover charge, I might as well get a drink while I’m here.” She sat at the bar on the only stool available, next to a handsome dark grey dog. He immediately took notice and started to glance at her.

“A jack and coke, please,” Tex said to the bartender. She used her paw to brush her hair a little bit. The dog decided to open up to her.

“That happens to be my favorite drink too.” He held his half empty glass up. “You like any other mixed drinks?” Tex just leaned onto the counter with her elbows.

“Not really. I don’t usually drink very much. When I do, I like to make sure it’s something I like, especially when it’s five dollars a drink.” The dog smiled at her.

“Yeah, it’s insane how much these drinks are. I’d be willing to introduce you to some other favorites if you’d like.” Tex smiled a little.

“Maybe. But not tonight.” The dog leaned toward her.

“Are you saying there might be another night?” Tex giggled.

“Only if you make tonight count. I don’t even know you.”

“We can fix that.”

Soon, Tex’s drink arrived. She ended up sipping on it throughout their conversation, but had finished it quite quickly, before ordering another. This repeated several times through the night. Eventually the night started to come to and end.

“Listen, this was a lot of fun,” Tex slurred, “but I can’t do this.” Her slurred speech had more to do with tiredness than it did to do with her being drunk.

“Do what?” the dog asked, slightly more in control of his speech.

“This!” She had no further explanation than that. “Look, I like you. You are a great guy, and you are actually very cute for a mutt. But I’m married.” The mutt looked surprised, but still spoke after a brief pause.

“Obviously he’s missing something about you, then. You were here with me instead of with him.” Tex glared at him.

“Are you really asking me to leave my husband?” He took her hand.

“No. I’m just thinking maybe I can fill in the blanks he won’t?” Tex pondered his proposition, disgusted that she would even consider it, then she leaned in to kiss him.

“Where’s your place?” she asked, still in his face.

“We could just get a room here. The club actually has some rooms for our particular type of circumstance.” Tex giggled.

“Let’s do it.”

Moments later, the couple was in the bedroom. Tex’s legs wrapped around her suitor’s waist. The dog held the shepherd up by her butt, his mouth on hers, barely letting up to take a breath. He set her on the bed and started to undress himself, Tex following suit. She wanted a night of passion, and she was going to have it.

(Not going to spoil anything but... now or later? Tex or her lover)

*002*2018-08-12 18:32

Thank you! Theres more to come. Just not until late tonight most likely.

*003*2018-08-12 18:50

{{21 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent

}}

Thank you! I'll be writing more of it soon.

*005*2018-08-13 00:53

I'll write more when im off qork, but i would very much like to know, would yall prefer to see tex wet herself first, or her lover wet himself?

I have ideas for either, but i cant decide which to do first.

*006*2018-08-13 09:22

Here's more. I write a little more nsfw into this. Hope it's vanilla enough. If you guys think I can make it less sfw, let me know. I'mm really enjoying writing this, and I'd like to use more detail.

Enjoy!

Light shone into Tex’s eyes, slowly waking her. Her first thought was about how comfortable she was. She stretched, and rolled over, putting her arms around the suddenly unfamiliar canine next to her. The night came back to her quickly. Tex nearly panicked.

A few minutes went by as Tex considered the night before. She felt dirty. She was dirty. Her body defiled by another guy. Even though he was an extremely kind, handsome, cuddly mutt, every part of her told her she had fucked up. She avoided touching him as she thought about leaving as soon as possible.

Tex slid the sheets off her gently and stretched. As she stretched, Her bladder suddenly throbbed. She stopped mid stretch to save face, as the pain was worse than last night’s near miss. If that wasn’t bad enough, her partner woke up and stretched. He turned to her and looked her straight in the eyes. A smile grew on his face, but Tex’s face stayed still as stone.

“Hey there. You have fun last night?” He put a hand on her hip. All Tex could do was blush and nod. There were so many mixed emotions going through her at that moment. The suitor slid his sheets off and hopped out of the bed. “I’m going to hop in the shower. Did you want to join?” Tex looked down.

“Um… not right now. I really should go home.” She looked into his eyes as he shrugged.

“Well, let me know when we can do this again. I really like you, Tex.” He pecked her on the lips. “I’ll see you later.” He hopped out of bed and walked to the bathroom, shutting the door behind him.

Tex began to panic, but not because of her love affair. The more immediate matter was she was about to pee. She didn’t feel comfortable letting this new guy see her nude yet, at least not sober. But she had to do something.

Tex did the one thing she could do. Nothing.

Tex did nothing, and let the inevitable happen. She just let her bladder empty itself and peed where she lay. She managed to soak a good portion of the bed in about a minute. Luckily, the half her suitor slept on was still fairly dry, so if it was ever brought up, she could blame it on the alcohol. That’s exactly what she was going to do.

Tex sloppily wiped her legs off with the spare bath towel by the bathroom door and threw her clothes on. She was out the door and in her car in no time at all.

“Fuck me! What the hell did I just do? I could be pregnant! My husband probably knows by now… Why am I fucking it up?” Tex continued to beat herself up over the whole situation the entirety of the drive home. After a while, she would slow down a little below the speed limit, dreading the confrontation with her husband. She was terrified, but rightly so.

Soon, she pulled into the driveway, left her car, and entered her house, slow and stealthy.

“Tex,” came a disappointed voice that made the shepherd jump out of her fur.

“S-Silver…” She put her hands together and looked down to the floor.

“Tex… I’m sorry about last night…”

“You are?” She looked up at him, cautiously. Her husband was a husky, slightly taller than her, and definitely stronger-looking. “I-I’m sorry too.” She took a deep breath, still rather ashamed of her big thrill. “I love you.”

“I love you too.” Silver walked toward her and embraced her. Tex returned his grip two-fold until… “Wh-why do you smell like pee?” Tex grinned a little.

“I-uh… had an accident… last night.” He gazed into her eyes.

“You didn’t shower?” She shook her head.

“I just wanted to get back home to you.” Silver smiled at her.

“I understand.” He leaned forward and kissed her. Tex blushed hard, as she remembered putting her mouth over her lover’s cock last night. She also remembered that she had never gotten his name, or she forgot it.

“I’m a horrible bitch,” Tex thought. She soon pulled away from the kiss. “I’m going to take a shower. Do you work today?” she said. She started making her way to the master bathroom.

“I work late tonight, so if you want, we can do something before I go.” Tex smiled at the thought of going on a date with her husband again.

“That sounds great!” She shut the door and started her shower.

Silver and Tex walked down one of the city streets en route to their favorite coffee shop. The couple held each other’s hands, Tex now fully invested in this date. They entered the shop and waited in line. The line didn’t move very quick, but the shop’s drinks were worth it. Silver turned to his wife.

“Hey, why don’t you find us a place to sit and I’ll order out drinks? What would you like?” Tex squeezed his hand a little bit.

“I waaannnnnt…” She looked at the menu for a few seconds. “A medium mocha frap.” Silver kissed her and Tex let go of his hand. “See you in a minute!” Tex found a nice little booth and took a seat, looking at her husband. Then, her phone chimed. She pulled it out of her purse to check it. As soon as she turned it on, she was greeted with a shirtless picture of the guy she slept with. The contact name with the picture was Lee.

“Lee…” It all came back to her, including how on the fence she was about this guy. She could at least try to be friends with him and call off any of the romantic stuff. Eventually she replied to him. “Nice pic! Wanna chat later?” Seconds later, she got a reply.

“Would love to.” Another text followed. “Wanna go out tonight?” Tex took a deep breath and pondered if they should meet up again. She didn’t want to be tempted by him again, but she would also like to know this person better.

“Sure. I would have to wait until my husband leaves. Pick me up?”

“Sounds like a plan. Text details later?”

“Sure. Ttyl.” His only response was a heart emoji. Tex thought nothing of it and put her phone away, just as her husband walked up with their drinks. Apparently she had been texting Lee that long. Silver set the drinks on the table.

“I’ll be right back. I’m going to try to use the bathroom.”

“Okay. Hurry back!” Tex smiled up at him, taking a sip of her drink through the straw. Silver wandered off to the bathroom. Tex watched him walk up to the bathroom door, only to discover there was a line. The only bathroom was a single person bathroom. Silver decided he did not want to wait in line, and just went back to his wife.

“I’ll just wait.”

“You sure? We can go somewh-”

“Yeah, I’m sure. I want to spend this time with you. Besides, I’m sure I can make it home.” Tex flashed him another smile.

The couple immersed themselves into conversation.

The date had ended a half hour later. Silver sped slightly, but not on purpose. Hed grown a little more desperate to pee, and Tex had taken notice. She had a thing about seeing her husband squirm, and this was no exception. She just kept quiet, knowing he was going to drive all the way home. During the drive, she texted Lee a few times, primarily giving him her address and telling him what time to actually show up. Eventually Tex broke the silence.

“Do ya wish you waited in line to pee now?” She smiled slyly.

“Yeah, yeah. Don’t worry though, I’m still fine.. Kind of.” Silver was telling the truth. He had a pretty good record on staying dry, as did Tex until that morning. The couple arrived home, and Silver rushed inside, occupying the guest bathroom, leaving the door wide open. Tex liked to glance at him, but still gave him his privacy, whether he actually needed it or not.

A few hours later, Silver was in the shower, getting ready for work. She grew nervous about seeing Lee again. While she daydreamed about the encounter, her phone went off. She checked it.

“I’m here.” Her heart stopped when she read the text.

“You’re too early!”

“Sorry, I just couldn’t wait to see you. That and I need to use your bathroom ASAP.” Tex only rolled her eyes. While she admits that she can get used to the idea of her lover (one of them, at least) peeing his pants once, she was more upset that she would be found out than she was aroused by the prospect.

“Just hold it or go somewhere else. My husband CAN NOT see you!”

“Okay, I’ll wait somewhere else.”

Tex anxiously waited. She could not wait for her husband to leave and be gone. Right now, she’d love nothing more than to let Lee in to relieve himself and just pass him off as a friend or a stranger, but Tex did not feel confident she could keep up the act yet.

The shower shut off. Tex’s heart sank. Another text arrived on her phone.

“Is he almost gone? My bladder is about to explode.”

“Yes, hold on.” She put her phone away and soon enough, her husband walked into the front room in his work uniform. He kissed her.

“Bye. Love you.”

“Love you too!” She smiled at him and saw him off. She waited until his car was gone and out of sight, then pulled her phone back out.

“Okay, he’s gone. You can come in.”

“On my way.”

A minute passed and Lee walked up to the front door and knocked, actually doing a potty dance. Tex opened the door almost immediately.

“Hey, Tex,” Lee said, kissing her cheek. He entered the house. “Where is the bathroom?”

“This way,” Tex started to walk further into the house until she heard a car in the driveway. “Fuck, I think he forgot something! You need to hide now!”

“I REALLY have to pee though!” Tex disregarded his complaint and shoved him into the coat closet and shut the door.

“Stay quiet!”

Silver entered the house and grabbed a nametag off the coffee table.

“I forgot my name tag. Love you, Tex. Bye!”

“Love you too,” she responded, nervous. She watched him pull away once again. She slowly opened the closet door and saw Lee holding onto his crotch.

“I think… I may not make it to the bathroom…” He blushed. Tex giggled, and her will was overridden by her desire for him. She pulled Lee into a passionate kiss by his hands, the only things stopping him from wetting his pants. The flood gates opened, and Tex pressed her hips into his legs, feeling the warmth of his urine on her own legs. This was it. Tex wanted nothing more than Lee and his fluids on her. She soon broke the kiss, pulling him to the bed. While Lee was not done relieving himself by a longshot, he had no choice but to follow her.

Tex held his hands and looked into his eyes.

“Did you… pull out last time?” Her face was serious, but she was honestly just curious. He nodded. She smiled.

“Good… Maybe someday,I’ll let you stay in.” Lee grew erect as Tex started to take her clothes off. Once again, Lee followed suit.

“You… think we could wash my clothes after we’re done?” Tex didn’t respond, except by passionately kissing him and pulling him into the bed, just as she did the night before. Once again, Tex was overcome with desire, and satisfied her womanly needs once more.

