Marvel/MCU Stories - Omorashi fiction - Omorashi

Author: NothingLeft

*023*2020-05-17 14:25

Mary Jane Watson

Ontario Highway

Peter Parker, Ned Leeds, Gwen Stacy- Ned’s girlfriend of a few months- and Mary Jane Watson were seated comfortably in Ned’s new van he had purchased just a few days ago, now headed to… Somewhere. To be honest, they didn’t really have a plan for anywhere to go, but they were going- that’s for sure, they were going- but where? Ned had apparently entered Canada a few miles ago, but where else?

“Who cares?” Ned responded to Peter, who had just asked the pertinent question. Gwen, who was in the passenger seat giggled to herself in excitement. Mary Jane Watson, who was seated across from Peter- Ned’s van was an interesting model, as the back seats were more like benches seated along the sides, and could seat three each. The way out of the van were the back doors, which swung out- gave an ‘of course’ look, which he breathed a laugh at.

Ever since a team of six maniacs- Mysterio, Vulture, Green Goblin, Scorpion, Rhino and Electro- managed to plot against him and the Avengers, taking his lover, Michelle, Peter had felt… Empty, joyless and broken without Michelle’s absence. But Aunt May didn’t stand for his sadness and moping, and had actually asked Peter’s friends over. That day, May had told him that some friends were coming over before she left for… something, so he had made himself presentable and sat on the living room couch, only expecting Ned and his girlfriend but when he had opened the door…

Parker Apartment, July 2023

“Hey, tiger. Heard things’ve been rough, so I guess they’ve been rough for us both.,” It was Mary Jane Watson, a friend from his school that seemed the typical ‘popular girl’ to anyone that didn’t know her. Her face was gentle, freckled and concerned with an angled jaw sharp enough to cut glass. Her eyes almost glowed in the shade of their bright, cool blue. Her clothes were more slightly more conservative than the type she was usually seen in. A long sleeved purple shirt with a large, worn breast pocket, an olive jacket, a dark pair of jeans and a black pair of flats. Usually she could be found in deep, tight t-shirts, shorts and sandals but today she seemed a little more defended and… Almost introverted with the way her hands were tucked before her and the way her head was down. Her eyes seemed dark and red around the edges, like she had been crying a while ago.

“Hey MJ,” Peter said emptily, smiling as well as he could to her. He welcomed her inside, and she stood shrill for a moment. Peter walked her over to the couch and sat down an amicable distance away- not so far it seemed Peter hated her presence, but not so close as to make things awkward and uncomfortable. After a few minutes of serene, calm silence, MJ spoke, her voice gentle and slow.

“How have you been taking things, Pete?” She asked, not meeting his eyes. She stared at the hardwood floor, seemingly staring off into space. Her question hardly registered until her cerulean orbs met his of cinnamon. He stared at her, taking in her features for practically the first time before he realized she had asked him a question.

“Um, I… Heh, uh, not well,” He sighed lowly, licking his bottom lip. “I, uh, I haven’t really done anything since I… heard the news…” He whispered. Mary Jane nodded and looked down to her hands, which were fidgeting with each other. “You?” he asked.

Mary Jane laughed to herself. “Not well, either, really,” She sighed with a sad look on her face. “I know you loved her, and I know I loved her- she was just so...” She trailed off trying to find the best way to say what she wanted to.

“Easy to talk to?” Peter asked, smiling halfheartedly to the redhead beside him. Mary Jane looked to him with a sad smile, nodding slowly..

Present, April 2024

And things had only grown more and more intense between them.

Peter shook off the memory as MJ shifted in her seat, readjusting her seat belt for what had to be the tenth time in the past half-hour. Her face seemed hard and uncomfortable. Mary Jane was a girl who liked to dance and move, and it had been a few hours spent in the van. Naturally, she would be getting antsy. Knowing Mary Jane would never bother someone unless it was extreme, Peter leaned over to her.

“D’you wanna get out an’ stretch a little?” He whispered. MJ looked to him in mild confusion, as if his question didn’t reach her mind. She quickly shook her head and responded with a quiet, ‘I’m good.’ Peter nodded and returned to a neutral sitting. Occasionally MJ would shift in her seat and rub her thighs, almost as if she was agitated.

Ten or fifteen empty minutes passed before Peter’s spidey-senses suddenly went off. They weren’t panic-induced like usual, but it was… It was like a super-enhanced sense of smell. But it wasn’t the smell itself, it was more like the essence- no, not even that was right. However it worked or could be explained, Peter sensed something. Something alarming. He sensed urine. Fresh, recent urine. His senses were somewhat hard to discern due to the van’s intensely close proximity, but his signals were hazily pointing to…

Mary Jane?

Peter tried his best to keep a neutral expression and his eyes anywhere but MJ’s crotch. But eventually- as casually as he could- his eyes fell to the tightly-glued thighs. She wore a white pair of shorts and a tight light blue t-shirt, her toned, beautiful thighs squished together as she- apparently desperately- held her pee.

MJ had no expression on her face as she looked to the front seat of the van. But, as she noticed Peter’s stare and slightly widened eyes, a sly- almost sinful- smile crossed her face. Her top eyelids fell, generating a lusty look on Mary Jane’s beautiful face. With another discreet look to the driver, MJ slowly parted her quivering thighs- not only was she always eager to tease him with her tight, curvy body, they were both legal, consenting adults- he had turned nineteen a few weeks ago and MJ was a half-year younger, eighteen and half for about a month then- so they had become intimate. Obviously, Peter was well-acquainted with MJ’s crotch and what laid within. But what he saw covering her shorts shocked him and gave him the beginning tingle of an erection.

A small dark spot that brought the sense of urine to eleven. Peter’s breath hitched when a small glisten appeared from the spot, expanding it out marginally. MJ sucked her luscious lips in and tightened her thighs together again. Peter swallowed thickly as he realized what was going to happen soon.

“Hey, Ned, can we pull over soon?” He asked, his gaze never leaving his lover. “I… I gotta go, man,” Ned kindly agreed, doing his best to find an offbeat path from the road that now stretched into the middle of nowhere. Eventually, they hit a rough bumpy gravel road- Peter sensed more urine in the air, only increasing his arousal- until Ned found an offshoot that led into thick woods. Peter undid his seat belt, as did MJ- she grabbed her purse, no doubt containing a roll of toilet paper for this kind of situation- who Peter ushered to before him, and smiled, seeing he had saved her as a small dark spot was present on her ass, before he followed. The two hopped out of the van and headed into the nearby forest. They didn’t go too far in, only far enough so Ned and Gwen couldn’t see them.

“Hey MJ,” Peter asked as he turned away from his girlfriend to give her some privacy. She whimpered to let him know to ask his question. “Why did you… why'd you wait so long to tell me? Y’know, that you had to...” He asked. He wasn’t mad- he actually felt a little embarrassed for having such an erection at the beginning of her accident- Jesus, even calling it an ‘accident’ was turning him on now- but he still wanted to know why she was waiting to the end.

“Mm, Peter…” She moaned, “Look at me." She begged, her voice strained from holding. Peter slowly turned, only to see MJ with her hands between crossed thighs. The way her thighs spread over her hand made him physically lose breath. The dark spot was now larger, though still concealable if she tried. “I like it,”

Peter stood there for at least thirty seconds, his jeans taut with a solid boner, as he absorbed Mary Jane’s words. ‘I like it.’ It kept echoing in his mind until Peter realized MJ was out of focus.

“And… You do too, huh tiger?” She breathed, doubling over as tiny rivulets of warm urine flowed over her hand. She stemmed the flow quickly, but the smallest drop rolled down the face of her thigh. Peter could only swallow and nod as the mark grew, this time with a brief but stimulating gsh sound accompanying it. Two more lines of liquid flew down MJ’s thighs, one rolling around to the back of her deliciously defined calf.

“Good, because… Oh, no…” She whined, a false innocence and dread in her voice. There was the quietest of hissing sounds as the woman’s shorts suddenly burst with pee. MJ whimpered with a fake but convincing voice of worry and panic as urine ran over her hands, down her thighs and onto the hard dirt, rotting wood and pebbles that made up the Canadian soil. The small spot on the face of her shorts, as well as the seat, blew into a fully noticeable piss mark, and the tight white fabric held tight against her skin became slightly transparent as her hot urine flooded into and through it.

Mary Jane Watson also had no panties on whatsoever.

MJ smiled, sighing with relief as she wet herself in the middle of nowhere. Peter stood, his eyes the size of a building as his deepest-rooted, most insecure, absolutely despised and only fetish- girls wetting themselves- was performed by his girlfriend, unplanned and random. Peter was shocked, glued to the spot as his lover acted out what he had so desperately wanted to see in person for years, although he hated admitting it.

Mary Jane laughed through her relief and took her soaked hands from her thighs and opened her legs, allowing liquid to fall directly to the ground noisily. Remembering her absence of underwear, she took hold of the top band of her shorts and pulled them up further, causing the seam running between her nether lips to go between them, to which she moaned, loudly and genuinely before slapping her hand to her mouth to censor herself. Her piss now shot through her shorts and onto the ground, though the stream was slowly faltering. She felt her pussy throb as she released the waistband of her shorts, causing her pee to flow through them once again.

It was forty-seconds until Mary Jane’s powerful accident reduced to a trickle, to which she finally brought down the waterlogged shorts. Indeed she was commando, as her fluffy red pubic hair proudly shouted.

Oh, and the reddened, relieved lips that sat underneath. "I didn't... I had a few... I thought you'd like..." She struggled speaking as her vagina slowly, constantly leaked, MJ's pelvic muscles too weakened from holding to stop her trickle in any regard.

Peter gasped and subconsciously palmed his erection through his pants when MJ’s opening was revealed. She smiled as flirtily as she could as her chest heaved with the absence of pressure. Her vagina finally ceased its flow, leaving MJ’s thighs and calves soaked with her warm pee. Her breathing slowly came back to her as her pussy beat with need, almost forcing her to mumble,

“I think I had an accident…” Peter groaned in horniness when she moaned the most cliche, overused, hot lines for this breed of porn. He looked to her when he heard a squelch, watching with entrapment when MJ suddenly had two fingers inside herself. “Can you make me feel better, tiger?” She asked sweetly, staring exceedingly from under her thick lashes. Peter quickly undid his jeans and brought down the zipper before launching his underwear just far enough for his throbbing cock to be exposed. MJ panted with horniness and moaned with a smile, licking her oral lips and spreading her vaginal.

“Yes, yes I can.” He whispered confidently.

So, @Batman007

, the first half of your request- yes, first half, a Laura Kinney chapter is promised after the 'Hela' request is finished- has been completed, and I hope I did right by such a classic character as Mary Jane. And if you want to request a character or situation, I'll do my best to do them justice as well. I have to preface, due to the three requests in the span of a few hours- I am not complaining, I love writing for you lovelies- the writing may take longer than usual, but I promise any and all requests received are added to a backlog, where I then complete each, one by one. Anyway, apologies for the long end note.

Best regards,

NothingLeft

*025*2020-05-18 06:55

{{On 5/16/2020 at 11:06 PM, Edward45 said:

Would you consider a bathroom line senerio that consists of all the woman from the A Force scene in Endgame? ( ex Wasp , Captain Marvel , Shuri) . I'd love to see how you write them all having to wait in line

}}

While a bathroom line would take longer than a solo for obvious reasons, I can surely add this to the queue. Consider it underway!

*026*2020-05-18 21:35

Hela

Success Party

Hela sat on a small loveseat with her boyfriend, Colonel James Rhodes, at an Avengers success celebration. They had eliminated a thick branch of assassins-for-hire- thanks to Natasha Romanoff single-handedly bringing down the biggest threat within the branch- and they could now focus on their own personal lives for a bit. Rhodey, who served on the Avengers as the ‘War Machine’ had faced off against seven men at once and had come out on top without a single mortar shell or bullet casing hitting the ground.

Needless to say, Hela was proud of her man.

She smiled at her boyfriend, who was casually sipping on a tube of champagne. The loveseat was relatively tight- so tight their hips were resting against each other- so Rhodey’s right arm ghosted above her bare shoulder. Both of their outfits fit in the crowd around them quite well, at least in the terms of liberation. Hela was dressed in a black, sleeveless deep-cleavage blouse with straps fallen off of her pale shoulders, a plain black skirt that just came above her knee and shiny black high heels. Her lustrous black hair shone in the welcoming, slightly orange tinge of light emanating from above. Rhodey was dressed in a fine yet casual cool-grey suit with a deep crimson tie.

Hela toyed with her own glass of the bubbly liquid awkwardly- ever since the Queen of the Valkyries had re-blessed her as the daughter of Frigga, Hela had become even more human, but socialization in large numbers still made her slightly unnerved- she worried that someway, somehow her bloodlust would return, despite Odin’s death. Her lover had convinced her to come, and she was alright so far.

But when Rhodey’s finger brushed her back as he adjusted his sitting, all of her worries and anxiety seemed to go away.

It was odd, cliche-as-hell and nonsensical, but their shared history of traumas- Hela felt her false hand, courtesy of Tony Stark, tingle at the thought of it- and general villainization. Hers, very rightly by the hands of her Asgardian followers and her family, and his, not only by the American public after he stormed a populated bunker in the Middle East seemingly without reason- though it was later revealed that the bunker was a munitions depot that had flown under his and Tony’s radars for almost fourteen years- but also the loss of his own legs, though the one that caused the injury dwelled on the Avengers still. Rhodey had told her it ‘was water under the bridge’, and she had restrained herself from...

Even for something as simple as restraint, Hela was proud of herself. She was slowly making up for her mistakes, and she was finally becoming human And her humanization was all thanks to… Rhodes.

Hela had no idea why or how she was so… comforted and assured by a Midgardian presence, but that didn’t stop it from happening. Rhodey’s hand, the one above her shoulder- finally rested itself on her far shoulder, and although she did her best to hide it, Hela sensed a feeling bubble up. ‘Feeling’ may not have even been the right word. It was more like an urge, a want hidden deep in her near immortal being.

For some indiscernible reason, Hela, former Goddess of Death… Wanted to be held. If a mere accidental brush could ward these feelings forwards, then she knew it would stay with her and would only grow stronger. She swallowed, moving her drink between hands for a few more minutes. Rhodey, with only a small glance in her direction, began moving his finger in soft circles on Hela’s soft shoulder, just like when she… She took her first life in her own ‘redeemed’ life.

Hela had wept for hours, worried that her five years of work for forgiveness would all disappear. She thought, and truly believed that she had killed someone innocent, someone who didn’t deserve it. In reality, the criminal had been on record for thirteen homicide cases and the only reason she had killed him was in defense- dying, the man had pulled a gun on an armourless Tony Stark, Hela had summoned her Necroblade and stabbed the man through the heart. After that, Hela had convinced herself she was just as bad as she had been prior to Asgard’s destruction. And of everyone who told her it was a good move and it was the lesser of two evils, she didn’t believe anyone.

Except for Rhodey.

Her breath shuddered quietly as the feeling took on more weight. She looked to her lover with shiny, needing eyes, but when she tried to open her mouth to ask for his love, her tongue suddenly went dry.

While she had done her best to atone for her centuries of bloodlust and slaughter in the past six years, she still had her dominance issues. Rhodey had made it clear to her that being strong and dominating was important and good in certain situations, but revenge- something Hela had often associated with strength and dominance- was definitely not a good idea, nine times out of ten. She had learned that almost a year ago...

May 2023, Battle For Earth

Valkyrie hit the ground hard as her pegasus whinnied from above, shaking a layer of ash from its right wing. Thanos’ ship was raining fire in the form of blue, glowing plasma missiles. Valkyrie looked around the battlefield, drawing her ‘Dragonfang’ in preparation for any of the monsters Thanos used in fighting. Around her she could spot the Starks, caught in a bevy of shots. Thor, Rogers and her lover Loki huddled together with Rogers' half-shield doing its best to keep them safe.

Valkyrie, swearing she could see down the mouth of one of the cannons even from so far away, threw her fluttering lapis-coloured cape over herself in a desperate move to shield herself. Vaguely, she heard Hulk roar far away. The ground was shaking almost as much as Valkyrie’s heart was beating, but she felt the ground speed up and get rougher as there was a cracking noise from the ship.

Valkyrie peeked out from her cape as a thick black pillar, glowing a mysteriously familiar shade of green between its cracks, burst forth from the ground. The pillar jabbed through the belly of the ship as a fiery, yellow bolt pierced the left wing from above. The yellow bolt quickly reversed its momentum and cut through both the ship and the pillar. Like it was made of glass, the black tower shattered into thin, forearm-length fragments. Valkyrie heard a distant rocket-like sound as a gigantic, thick, dark red-and-blue-painted suit with a minigun on its shoulder blasted towards the crumbling pillar. When she looked closer, the Valkyrie realized…

‘No… She died! I WATCHED her die!’

Hela, Goddess of Death- who had died nearly six years ago- was now plummeting to the Earth as Thanos’ ship exploded gloriously behind her. Rhodey, who was in the incredibly beefed-up War Machine suit, flew at his fastest capable speed toward her form as she tumbled and reached for the armoured man. Their arms nearly met so many times before Hela gained a sturdy grip and pulled herself into Rhodey’s arms.

What the Hell was happening?

|

“What the Hell is happening!” Valkyrie shouted, already red in the face. Loki, Thor, Sif, Rhodey and… her… were gathered around each other, reveling as much as their battered, bruised and bloodied bodies would permit- Tony Stark, Natasha Romanoff, Hulk, Steve Rogers, Thor Odinson and Clint Barton had managed to collect the Stones, each holding a certain Stone. They had snapped together, Hulk and Stark taking the brunt of the attack. Both had lived and were surrounded by friends and lovers.

They all looked to Valkyrie as she unsheathed her sword, tackled Hela to the ground and directed the point of the Fang to her nemesis’ throat in a second. Valkyrie’s chest rose and fell erratically as Hela looked down the length of the blade. But not in the fearless, arrogant manner Valkyrie expected. She looked… Scared. Her seagreen eyes were wide and trained on the blue-silver blade at her pale, long, quivering jugular. The goddess’ breath became fast and short with quiet gasps and puffs of fear. Pure, unadulterated, raw fear.

She suddenly moved- a defensive move, crossing her arms over her face- and Valkyrie swung her dagger with a deadly force in retaliation.

Hela’s hand, severed at the wrist, landed a few feet away. The Goddess made no noise- her powers made sure no blood was lost, but Hela passed out immediately from both shock and pain.

“Val!” Loki gasped, stealing the bloodied Dragonfang from Valkyrie’s grasp. He winced, as he had grabbed the blade, but switched his grip to hold it properly when his lover released it in shock.

“What’re you doing!” she growled, standing up to the God of Mischief. He held the blade out of her grasp- their near-foot height difference helping him greatly- as she stared at him almost murderously as she whispered, tears in the corners of her eyes- “She… murdered my sisters, my family… Why are you protecting her…”

“Because it wasn’t her fault!” Rhodey shouted, activating every possible weapon within the War Machine suit in a threatening gesture. He stepped between the Asgardians and his unconscious lover. When Valkyrie made no argument, Rhodey continued,

“It- her bloodlust- was Odin’s fault!” He shouted. He didn’t trust the Valkyrie- not anymore. Why hadn’t anyone told her Hela was on their side! Valkyrie gave a disbelieving look of bewilderment. Odin’s fault? While she didn’t agree with many of his methods and ideas, she didn’t at all believe Odin would put the good of Asgard at risk in such a detrimental manner.

“Odin’s fault?” She shouted incredulously. Thor sighed with irritation.

“Yes. My father… Before he married my mother, had me and… adopted Loki, he was with another mistress. That mistress gave birth to Hela, my sister. When my father’s mistress died in the Frost Giant War, he was left with only Hela, and together they conquered the Nine Realms. Hela was satisfied then, but when my father heard of a new woman to take as his Queen, he realized he couldn’t have a child with him- it would have looked bad, I suppose…” Thor trailed off, looking to Valkyrie. Her face was still angry, but she was indeed taking the story in. Rhodey picked Hela up , being careful with her arm. He kept every weapon trained on Valkyrie. Thor continued breaking the truth..

“He needed… an easy out. So, my father made a deal with…” He paused, looking away as he swallowed his own disbelief that he was truly speaking of Odin, his father. “With Death. He allowed her to… Take Hela’s will, and also offered her… an army to kill, in return for the favour of giving him a clean, righteous way to dispose of… Hela. He had Death tie the curse to Asgard, so when Ragnarok came...” He trailed off slowly.

Valkyrie felt like she was just stabbed in the stomach. Odin, without a thought, had promised to kill his best army, his best warriors, her family, just to impress a woman he lusted for, and so their union wouldn’t bring strife. She lost her balance from the nerve-withering shock- she would have fallen had Loki not dropped the Dragonfang and caught her. She couldn’t help it. She couldn’t stop it, even if she tried.

She threw up in shock.

Odin, the man she swore an oath to, had betrayed her and promised her death. The woman she had hated, had desired to kill for centuries- more than a millennium, actually- was… Innocent? No, not entirely- Hell, Valkyrie had no remorse for stealing the woman’s hand, an eye for an eye-

But… Perhaps she was worthy.

Worthy of redemption. Not forgiveness, not even fucking close. It would take time and a shit-ton of convincing but… Maybe, just maybe.

Present

That.

Hela shook off the memory, the want to be held immediately taking its place. However, her shoulder had no touch on it, and Hela quickly looked to Rhodey’s seat, which was…

Empty.

Her anxiety immediately took over her mind. ‘Where’s Rhodey? He probably left. Had she been imagining the past few years? Where-’

“I’m back, Hela,” Rhodey spoke calmly, retaking his seat beside her. Hela couldn’t help but place her hand over her chest and breathe a sigh. He gave her a look. “Are you good?” Hela nodded, putting her head in her hand. She felt silly now, of course he wouldn’t leave her. But anxiety wasn’t rational, and she hated it because.

“I thought… Never mind,” She sighed, and the look on his face only intensified as he furrowed his brow.

“Thought what?”

“I… Um, I remembered…” She flexed her false hand, though it gave no impression of it. Rhodey nodded in understanding. “And I… I thought…” She felt so silly for her anxiety taking over, even though it happened nearly every day. She trailed off, but Rhodey caught her meaning.

“Hey, look at me,” He softly said. Hela looked at him, a slight grimace in the creases of her eyes. He put his drink down on a small nearby table and took her real hand in his. “I will never leave you forever.” She smiled warmly, to which he returned. She shifted in her seat as the feeling from before grew stronger. Her hand tightened its grip on his. Her lips tightened as well, leaving Rhodey to ask another question.

“What’s wrong? Really?” Her heart quivered at his concern, but she struggled to say what she wanted to say. She was getting better at dominance and controlling her dominance, but she still struggled with the idea that she didn’t have to be dominant all the time. She struggled with seeming weak or small, but she was committed to helping that.

“I... “ She began. She had learned very early on that small steps were best for working through her issues. “Can you…” She was doing her best to come up with the best way to say it.

Most clear is best.

“I… don’t feel comfortable.I’m okay being here… But, can you…” Rhodey nodded patiently. She smiled before looking through her lashes, embarrassed, and whispering “Can you please hold me?” Rhodey was taken aback, but he smiled at her cuteness. Yeah, she could come off as menacing or mean sometimes, but damn if she wasn’t cute right now.

“Oh, come here,” He laughed. Hela smiled and pulled her feet onto the loveseat. She laid her torso on her lover’s legs as he sat back and her head rested on the puffy, pillowy armrest. Rhodey’s left hand quickly buried into her hair while the other was draped protectively over her stomach. She sighed contentedly as her feeling was happily sated. She suddenly felt her eyelids droop but fought to keep them open. She yawned quietly, her hand over her mouth.

“Are you tired?” Rhodey asked, rubbing the back of her head in a calming, almost lulling manner. She mumbled a yes but still fought her eyes open. Was this why she was needing to be held, because she was tired? Rhodey breathed a laugh before rubbing her clothed, lean belly.”Take a nap, baby,” He soothed. Hela felt a blush creep her cheeks at the use of a pet name, but she definitely liked it. It made her feel more… Human. It made her feel loved, and after learning what her father did, that’s all she really wanted anymore. As Rhodey stroked the back of her head, she felt her eyelids sneak closed.

An Hour and a Half Later…

Hela felt her shoulder get nudged, slowly waking her from her nap. Her eyes couldn’t adjust to the light at first, but the warm orange light eventually made the room clear. She felt Rhodey’s hand now caressing her jawline, and her insides felt warm and content. Hela stirred, attracting her lover’s attention.

“Welcome back, baby,” he purred. Hela giggled- in a high, adorable pitch- in her tired state. She twisted the top half of her body so her back was flat on Rhodey’s legs. She kept her legs down with her knees facing out due to, well, her skirt. Rhodey’s hand stayed on her belly, rubbing it softly. Hela breathed calmly and smiled. The party was still going on, meaning Hela wasn’t aware of how long she had slept.

But, suddenly, there was a warning that let her know it had been a good while.

Her bladder pulsed with need.

Her legs crossed underneath her skirt reflexively, but she didn’t get up. She knew she should- she was an adult, after all- but… Rhodey was so warm and made her feel so safe, both in the sense of her own safety and the safety of everyone around her. Sometimes, when she stopped and looked at her relationship with Rhodey, it seemed… Too close, almost like she couldn’t live without his presence. She seemed clingy and overbearing. But it didn’t stop her. Rhodey promised- absolutely promised- he would tell her if she was too overbearing, and she trusted him.

With her life.

Another roll of pressure fell against Hela’s organs. Her legs shifted uncomfortably and her face morphing with worry. Again, she knew she should go and, well… go, but she was just so warm and comfortable and calm.

“Are you okay?” He asked, rubbing her belly once more. The movement and sensation on her belly made the feeling of having to pee almost worse, but at the same time it felt so good. It was an odd mixture that she wasn't accustomed to, but she was so partial to the ‘good’ side that the ‘need’ was beginning to feel like less and less.

‘You dumbass, you’re going to piss yourself!’ Her rational mind shouted. But her mushy, lovey mind responded, ’I know, but he’s so warm and kind and I love him so much.’ Hela eventually sided with her rational mind- and also realized Rhodey was staring at her like he had asked her something. She nodded slowly and rose, her bladder pinching with need.

“What's the matter, baby?” He asked, his hand rubbing her back gently. Hela flipped her legs over the edge of the couch- flinching when her bladder bit her insides again. The use of her pet name appealed so much to her loving side that her rational side was practically silenced, even if just for a moment. She threw her arms around her lover, catching him off-guard. “Seriously, are you okay?”

Hela nodded and smiled, nestling her head in Rhodey’s shoulder. Her bladder was beginning to feel heavier and heavier as a warning shiver bounced up her spine. She separated from her lover and rose, smoothing out the wrinkles and ruffles in her skirt over her long, slender, beautifully defined legs. She looked around the large hall in an attempt to find the washrooms. She found some of the other Avengers- she picked out Tony, Natasha, Bruce, Sam and Peggy- but no, no bathrooms were anywhere in plain sight.

“Damn…” Hela sighed, slyly crossing her legs with a sharp click of her heels. Rhodey saw her do this and had been around her long enough to know what she was doing. He rose alongside her and tried to find the washrooms. Hela groaned in slight pain and subtly held her bladder before Rhodey pointed out a sign with a few symbols. One was a stick figure with a floating circle above it, with a black bar between it and another stick figure, this one with a triangle growing from its hips.

“There,” He pointed. Hela smiled in relief and kissed Rhodey cheek before making her way towards the room. As he sat back down, Rhodey had a hard time taking his eyes off of his lover’s ass. The way her legs moved it and the way it bounced with her quick steps was hypnotizing. He grinned scantily when Hela’s gaze met his with a sly smile, though she didn’t halt.

Hela smiled to herself, knowing the effect her rear end always had on Rhodey. While it wasn’t particularly large, it was defined, strong and firm. And from the way he always gripped and massaged it whenever possible, she knew something similar would be happening when she returned. Hela followed the sign marked ‘Bathrooms’. There was a break in the wall at the sign which led to a small, short hallway. Two doors rested inside, one labelled ‘Men’ and the other labelled ‘Women’. However, as Hela got closer, she realized they both had a similar yellow sign posted upon them that drained all hope from Hela’s desperate body.

‘Out Of Service’

“Out… Of service?” Her voice was higher than usual from both her increasing pee desperation and her similarly increasing dread. Her luscious legs were now across each other again- her need had apparently more than she originally suspected- and-,after peering behind her to make sure no one was watching, Hela did her best to hold herself despite her tight skirt. She groaned to herself quietly before she suddenly sensed a presence behind her. She quickly whipped around- despairing as a tense spurt of pee escaped into her taut dark green panties. It was Valkyrie, dressed in a pristinely white, curve-hugging dress. Her dark chocolate hair was shining perfectly in the soft light and her light caramel skin appeared soft and supple. Her face was brushed with the lightest dabbles of makeup and a strong, pretty pink shade of lipstick. Her stance seemed rigid and forced, as did her smile. She was obviously facing the same issue she was.

“Hey, are they…” She trailed off as she read the sign on the female bathroom door. “No, come on, what the Hell…” Valkyrie sighed and bent over, pressing her hands against her bladder doing her obvious best to hold her accident in. “God, it hurts…” She whined, gritting her teeth. Hela sympathized with the other woman as she massaged her own bladder. Hela bit her lip when she read the sign again, reaching her limp hand down to stroke her thigh in an attempt to hold herself.

Both Valkyrie and herself stood into a publicly decent figure- still rigid from their holding. Rhodey- Hela felt a smile cross her face despite her pain- came to the hall, a worried expression across his face.

“Are you good, Hela?” He asked, both ladies accidentally blocking the ‘Out Of Service’ sign from his gaze. Valkyrie stayed quiet, but Hela fell forward, crossing her legs and doing her desperate best to usher her tight, unstretching skirt against her near-bursting crotch.

“No…” She moaned, looking to the yellow sign on the door between her and Valkyrie. At the rereading of the sign, Valkyrie's shaky ‘decent’ facade collapsed, and she grabbed herself as well, swaying on her heels to distract herself. Rhodey also read the sign, his face morphing into one of angered confusion.

“What- why throw a party with drinks if…” He trailed off and sighed, approaching the opening of the hallway and looking towards the main exit. Thor, Loki and Sif- who was wrapped in her lover’s cape- were all talking amongst each other near the exit. Rhodey approached Loki and pulled him aside, most likely to tell him of his girlfriend’s problem. Loki did in fact look over to the hall in concern and slight anger- not at Valkyrie herself, but at the fact that the washrooms were out of order. He then nodded to Rhodey and the two made their way over to the washroom hallway. Loki pulled a small, glowing blue cube out of his coat pocket, curved around Valkyrie’s side and- in a blink- the two disappeared in a flash of blue and a cloud of black. Hela remained desperate as Rhodey shook his head in confusion.

“How bad is it?” Rhodey asked to regain his focus, placing his hands on her bare shoulders. Hela shuddered, both from his touch and her need to pee, but she couldn’t form words anymore. Her bladder felt like it was stabbing her over and over as it pushed on her other organs. Her tight shirt compressed the full organ more, only increasing her pain. Her legs were mashed together as hard as they could possibly be, her hands were jamming both her skirt and themselves into her crotch to delay the inevitable and her face was contorted in a mixture of shame, pain, desperation and pure, unbridled tenacity, though it was useless to possess at the moment.

“Look, I don’t… I don’t think there’s anything else around here,” Hela whimpered in unfortunate agreement, her face scrunched and red from pressure. “If we can find somewhere more… I don’t know, more private, maybe you should just… Let go,” Hela cried out at the mention of relief, her bladder screaming in agreement. “It hurts… I can see it.” Rhodey finished. Hela muttered a pained, breathy plea.

“It hurts so much… I want to- I can’t, I-I-I can’t,” She whimpered, bouncing on her heels. Rhodey kept her steady with a hand on her shoulder and a gentle grip on her sharp chin. “I can’t do it, but it… hurts, so bad!” She cried, tears welling in the bottoms of her eyes. Rhodey aimed her eyes into his and gently led her against the wall, his hand snaking around to the small of her back. Hers still stayed glued to her crotch in sheerly false hope, at this point.

“Please, baby, for me. Stop hurting yourself,” He begged, rubbing her back. Hela whimpered at his line. Her thighs were beginning to ache and tire, and she knew she couldn't hold on for much longer at all.

“But it’s so gross, and it’s not… It’s not okay…” She cried as a tear rolled down her cheek. Rhodey quickly ducked in and kissed it away, bringing her seagreen eyes to meet his chestnut eyes.

“Look at me. This isn’t your fault, and I won’t think of you any different. Please, Hela, let go,” He whispered, taking a gentle grasp on her hip. His lover let a few more tears roll down, and with each one he ducked in and stole them away with kisses. There was a few moments of silence before Hela, with a breaking voice, whispered,

“No… no, no, nononono!” She whispered shrilly, tears now slowly flowing down her face. Her voice was breaking and, as Rhodey realized what was happening, there was a noise.

Psssss.

Hela felt the warmth before she felt the wet. The natural heat of her groin suddenly increased, like a fire had started between her legs. It was then that she felt… Wet. A small stream of running urine passed neatly through her everest panties, soaked into and through her black skirt and finally stained her hands with wetness. The more she tried to resist the flow, the more her weakened muscles failed to hold. The stream slowly began picking up power and speed, all while Hela gently began sobbing to her boyfriend, who whispered sweetly into her ear. The quiet, gentle sss evolved into a shhh as the running piss blew through all her defenses, her panties now stained a further dark shade of burnt grass. Hela’s urethra only seemed to grow in width as an impossible amount of liquid began flowing out of her and into her clothes, onto her hands and legs as well as onto the floor.

There was a quiet tktktktk against the tile below her before it quickly morphed into a small, constant pattering that quickly turned into a noisy splashing, like a slow faucet into an overflowing cup. Hela took her hands away from her crotch in disgust, only sobbing more despondently when her stream became more powerful. There was a shiny wet stain on both the front and back of her skirt, only fueling her shame. Hela, deep down, felt relief in her bladder’s incredible lightening, but it was sealed under layers of shame, disappointment, hurt and sadness. How could she let this happen? This was not what adults did! This was something children did, fools did.

What more was she, than a fool in the current moment?

She was standing, not two feet from a bathroom, pissing herself like a small child that had forgotten where the bathroom was due to its tiny mind! Her boyfriend held while she not only pissed her panties, but also cried into his shoulder. She felt horrible inside, like she had failed the legacy of the last six years with a single accident.

Rhodey’s heart tore a small bit more with every pained sob he heard over the splashing and hissing, but still he held on. Hela’s urethra sputtered hellaciously when she tried to stop her flow, though it had almost given out from the pain. Her beautiful, soaked legs quivered from the pressure and shame her vagina was spewing, but Rhodey kept her standing.

They stood there, Hela wetting herself with unfortunately and unwillingly reckless abandon as her lover comforted her, for almost a full minute before Hela felt her skin crawl, her pee beginning to lessen its spout. This time, Hela’s legs truly did give out from under her and she fell against a wall, sinking into a soaking, warm seat in her shame. Tears freely flowed, only breathy gasps and moans of combined shame and relief as her bladder still slowly gushed what was left of its contents. There were ripples of new liquid for far too long until Hela felt her torture finally end. She finally felt her bladder ache with emptiness and relief, though she couldn't feel it through her embarrassment.

There was only the sound of Hela’s soft weeping and breathy gasps alongside small splishes in her puddle of shame. The puddle was still warm, and it carried the slightest tint of gold with it. Rhodey was very careful as he spoke, acknowledging the precarious state his lover’s psyche was in.

“Is that… better?” He warranted, making sure to be so, so careful. Through her silent moans and cries, Hela nodded reluctantly. She felt horrible that she had allowed this to happen- like she was melting with shame and disappointment in herself- but she also felt the relieving sensation of an empty bladder, like popping a balloon that had been in her guts.

“I’m… I-I’m sorry, Rho-”

“No, no. You have nothing to apologize for, you did your best to hold it,” He stopped her, looking into her red, swollen eyes. “You did your best, and I’m so proud of you.” Hela felt more tears well up, but this time they were ones of warmhearted happiness. She had done her best, despite her accident. “You did so good, and it must have felt so good to finally get that out,” Rhodey smiled, Hela giving a shaky one of her own back. She still sat in her puddle, though it had long gone cold. Her vagina had not, though, still warm and wet. She rubbed her thighs together to regain feeling as Rhodey stood up before her, offering his hand to her.

“Hey, I saw your… um, accident,” An accented voice commented from beside them. Hela’s face immediately drained of colour and Rhodey turned to cave their head in, only to see Sif, still wrapped in Thor’s blood-shaded cape. She had a gentle face on and a sympathetic voice.

“Well, you’re not alone,” Sif whispered with a giddy smile, parting Thor’s cape for a moment. Truly, there was the clear sign of an accident on Sif’s clothes- the crotch of her light grey leggings were dark, as were the insides of her toned, tight thighs. “Guess they didn’t think too far into this, huh?” She giggled to herself, hiding her accident again. “‘Least you’re wearing black,” she commented amicably before returning to Thor.

“I guess she’s right, at least you have black on,” Rhodey commented. Hela laughed shakily, the tears and trauma still present despite the sympathy. She rolled her head from one shoulder to another in a ‘well, I guess’ manner.

“Not entirely,” Hela sighed scratchily. Before Rhodey could ask her to elaborate, Hela inched her soaked, darkened panties down her thighs though her skirt. When they passed the widest point, gravity resumed her job, and a wet, dark mass suddenly splashed cold, vaguely amber liquid onto Hela’s ankles with an unceremonious spap. She also pulled her arms over the straps of her shirt before pulling the shirt down, revealing her matching bra. She skillfully undid it, allowing it to fall into Rhodey's grasp. Her dark areolas and perfectly soft nipples hit the air, hardening somewhat before she put her shirt back on. She stepped out of her soaked, warm panties and back into the main room, staying close to Sif.

Rhodey smiled. He knew she was using her scantiness as a stalling tactic to consider what had truly just happened, but he couldn't argue, as the pee-soaked fabric of her skirt stuck to her taut, firm ass even more than before.

“Hell of a woman,” Rhodey sighed, smiling at his shivering lover.

So, @diokno44x

, I grant you your requested 'Hela' piece. This is not only the longest piece I've written so far, it was also the most challenging, as I had to build an entirely new background for this 'Redeemed Hela'. If you like my take on the character, or if you'd prefer a more Thor: Ragnarok-accurate depiction, please let me know for all future 'Hela' pieces- and if both are appealing, then please request whether you would like Redeemed Hela or Film Hela, for all future eponymous requests. Feel free to request any other character from the first post's list, as well as a situation- if you so desire. I should also say you are welcome to suggest only situations if you are indifferent of the character it's applied to.

Best regards,

NothingLeft

