The Desperate Captain of the USS Saber - A Star Trek DS9 Story

Author: Nonameneeded

*000*2023-04-05 19:35

Greetings everyone. This is my first real contribution to this site, and a bit of an introduction. I have been a longtime lurker on this site. Way too nervous to comment or make anything for a long time. So here is my first omorashi related story. I doubt I will upload much due to my schedule but let me know if you enjoyed it and want anything more like it. I will certainly try my best to make more.

April 27th, 2374.

USS Saber.

The day started out average, as far as an average day compares during an active war. The USS Saber sat in orbit around Starbase 375 with a portion of the Second Fleet, several of them requiring repair in their damaged states. The night shifts were swapping positions with the day crew onboard the Saber.

The captain slowly rose from her bed, groaning and yawning as she did so. She was a petite Human woman. She stretched her arms before finally crawling out of bed. Last night was rough, she could not sleep for most of the night. Unfortunately for her, she could not just call out for the day, being the captain. A position she worked very hard for in her 18 years of service to the fleet, and she was not about to lose it so she could sleep longer. Begrudgingly she wandered over to the head, the light automatically dimming for the morning. She began to undress while sneaking a glance into the mirror.

“For 41, you aged pretty well,” she said as her eyes went down her figure, landing on her ample rear, clad by a pair of tight-fitting panties.

She stepped into the sonic shower after completely undressing. Its vibrations cleaned her quickly and cooled her body. She always enjoyed the feeling, her nipples hardening in response. Having no time for fun this early into the day she stepped out of the booth and began her normal routine. She slid a new pair of panties up and pulled on her bra. Walking over to her closest she fished through the collection of identical Starfleet uniforms and pulled one out. This new variant introduced about a year ago grew on her, its grey shoulder pads and colored turtleneck compared to the opposite with the old one.

She put on the undershirt and turtleneck first before sliding the high waisted black pants on. Made from a stretchy material she pulled them up to a snug fit, the slim pants hugged her figure, and the seam rode up her butt, providing a slight wedgie. She strangely enjoyed the feeling though; she never knew why. She pulled on her jacket and then the last step was applying her makeup, with her badge and pips. Satisfied after viewing herself in her full body mirror, she went to her personal replicator, requested a coffee, and then left her quarters with a PADD (Personal Access Display Device, or a tablet) and walked down the hall.

Joining her while she waited for the turbolift was her first officer, a Vulcan woman. She was slightly taller than the captain, partly due to her heeled boots, but had a similar build.

“T’Rin, good morning,” the captain greeted her.

“Good, morning. Captain Lee,” T’Rin responded in her trademark monotone voice.

“You know, Captain is just fine, the name is not necessary,” Lee responded. Her full name was Adrian Lee, but no one would dare call their superior by their first name of course.

“As you wish, sir.” T’Rin said, her next thought being interrupted by the turbolift sliding open. The two of them stepped in and made their way to the bridge. T’Rin briefly glanced at Adrian and studied her appearance. “Was it another restless night, Captain?”

“Hm?” Adrian turned her head to look at her.

“You wear your hair loose when you are tired, or ill,” T’Rin said, looking at her face, the makeup doing little to hide the true state of the captain’s face.

“Oh, um. Yes, hard to sleep when the number of casualties keeps climbing, not to mention the pressure,” Adrian responded, a little uncomfortable the Vulcan already knew her enough to notice things like that. Her neck length hair was still within regulations; however, she did normally have it in a loose bun.

“I understand, sir. I can concur that the reports are indeed, concerning. Grim. If I were to use, less than formal terminology,” T’Rin said.

Adrian was about to say something else before the doors opened again, allowing the two women to step out onto the bridge. While it was not spacious, it was far from cramped. Saber classes were smaller destroyers, but the low crew count allowed for some comfort room.

“Captain on the bridge,” a crewman exclaimed as Adrian continued to her center chair. She waved her hand to call for ease and sat down, taking a long sip of her coffee as she did. T’Rin came over with a PADD of her own and handed it to her.

“New orders are here, Captain. From Admiral Ross. A standard patrol through Federation controlled space,” T’Rin reported to Adrian, who took the PADD and looked it over herself.

“Tag team with a Steamrunner class. Heavy backup,” Adrian said, handing it back to her.

“Starfleet has been monitoring the sector, Dominion activity has been reported at random. Orders state to remain ready for combat in the event we encounter enemy patrols,” T’Rin said as she took her seat next to Adrian, pulling her skirt down some as she sat.

“Alright. Helm, take us out of range of the starbase at quarter impulse,” Adrian started, pressing her intercom button. “Captain to engineering, prepare the ship for warp speed when helm calls for it.”

The Saber continued until it was out of range of the starbase and surrounding traffic before proceeding to warp.

Several hours later the Saber was nearing the coordinates, having rendezvoused with the USS Wyoming previously. The two ships travelled together for security.

Adrian went through at least four more cups of coffee throughout the journey. Dull is one word to describe it, however concerning the last two years of the war, dull is welcomed. Adrian put her legs together instinctively, only now noticing the growing urge to pee. She crossed her legs over the other, setting aside her coffee cup in its holder. She was considering getting up for the restroom when the helmsman reported they arrived.

The ship exited warp alongside the Wyoming, nothing was on sensors yet. The system was populated with a small grouping of planets, a couple H classes and a class J gas giant, with an asteroid belt at the edge of the system.

Adrian remained seated in her chair, but she could feel that last cup filling the rest of her bladder. Her leg jiggled slightly, enough for T’Rin to notice from her seating alongside. She made no mention of it, however.

The two ships stayed together as they ran through the system. Scans were taking longer due to the high amount of solar radiation present in the system, unfortunate timing on their part for a solar storm to be present. Nothing unusual was reported in 90% of the system, and they were approaching the belt to finish the scan.

Adrian by this point could not keep still as she practically bounced in her chair. It was agonizing, she would not dare shove a hand in-between her legs, not in-front of the crew, even if she wanted to more than anything right now.

“The head is only a few meters away, what could they possibly need in a few minutes?” She thought to herself. “All I have to do is ask T’Rin to take the chair for a moment.”

Her decision to get up and use the bathroom was briefly interrupted by her science officer. “Captain, scans report all clear, I think we can move on now,” they reported.

“Alright, good. Helm, let’s ge…” An impact halted her words, knocking her back into her chair, which she was half stood up from. The ship was struck large enough to automatically engage red alert. “Report!” She exclaimed, completely forgetting about her ordeal as instincts kicked in.

“Damage on ventral hull, shields raised now but, at 70% and dropping,” Her tactical officer reported before another strike sent them even lower.

Adrian ordered for the viewscreen to focus on the direction of impact, switching the view of four Dominion Attack Ships. She felt a brief warmth in-between her legs but did not acknowledge it, her mind was on the ships below them, and approaching fast.

“Weapons free! Phasers fire at will, prepare torpedoes!” She called out with tactical complying to the order. The Wyoming fired its own weapons as well, maneuvering into an optimal position for its own launchers to bear.

What happened next was unfortunately not uncommon with the Dominion. One of the Attack Ships flew straight into the Wyoming, completely destroying the lighter craft and severing the Wyoming in two. Thankfully the saucer section was mostly missed, however the damage was extensive. The Saber moved to avoid the same situation and might have just due to its higher range of maneuverability.

Adrian had to think quickly and noted their last scanning location. “Take us into the belt, we might be able to shake them inside. Their sensors must be getting affected too.” She ordered, with the helm taking little time to make the maneuver. The bridge crew had to brace themselves to fight the force from the move, as inertial dampeners were already being used for the weapons fire they were receiving.

Adrian was fully aware of the further spread of warmth in-between her legs as her own body protested the rapid move. She looked down briefly to seeing her crotch glistening slightly as she leaked into her pants. “Here I am, peeing myself on the bridge like a cadet. What the hell is wrong with me, why didn’t I just go earlier?” She scolded herself. “Damn it all. I can lessen it until this is dealt with. They depend on me.” She finished that thought with another two second spurt into her pants, her crotch already quite soaked.

The Saber weaved between the asteroids, dodging weapons fire from the three remaining ships and returning fire with phasers when it could. After another minute the shields had fallen on one of the Attack Ships, but the only forward torpedo launcher could not fire unless they turned around.

“Large stellar object ahead, 500 meters in approximate length,” T’Rin reported from her chair’s console. “Helm, prepare thrusters to evade.”

“Belay that order,” Adrian interrupted. “Helm, come about when we pass it, tactical, prepare a torpedo spread.”

After a moment both stations reported they were ready, and the order was given. The Saber crossed behind the larger asteroid and caught the Dominion ships by surprise, firing its spread of torpedoes. They pounded into the hull of the unshielded ship and destroyed it completely, the other two remaining ships were damaged, but still combat capable.

The returning fire shook the Saber and collapsed the forward shield. “Get past them, make them have to come around! Take us towards the gas giant, I have a plan.” Adrian shouted while trying her best to ignore the two extra longer spurts she sent straight into her panties. She could feel a small puddle trying to form in her chair as her butt became wetter and wetter from the repeated leaks.

“A smaller accident is better than a full on one,” She thought as she controlled the leaks as best she could.

The Saber flew by the two Dominion vessels and shot towards the gas giant as directed. “Lower us into the planet. Upper atmosphere, we might be able to shake them.” Adrian ordered. T’Rin glanced at her but followed along with the plan. The Saber was likelier to handle the pressure better than the Dominion ships.

Dodging as much weapons fire as she could, the Saber descended into the atmosphere of the gas giant. Warnings played shipwide on the pressure increase as they went farther down. After a couple of minutes, they levelled out, having long lost the two chasing sensor readings. For the moment, they were safe.

For what felt like an eternity the Saber sat idle, but at red alert still. No contacts for over 20 minutes. They had left a trail of probes mirroring their signal; signals that the crew watched closely to see if they suddenly disappeared. The bait was left, the Dominion ships just needed to fall for them.

By this point Adrian had fully given up on saving her uniform, but she would not fully give up her dignity. She was purposely wetting herself for the last 20 minutes. She would spread her legs open slightly and relax enough to release a two second spurt of pee, and then close them back up. The strategy was working well, for the most part. Her crotch and rear were completely drenched though, and she could smell the faint scent of coffee mixed with her urine. The warmth in her pants enveloped her privates, the slim fit of the material keeping it close to her body. It was almost distracting… in an oddly pleasurable kind of way.

Unbeknownst to her though, T’Rin was fully aware of her captain’s situation. Her better sense of smell caught the accident early. She had to admit to herself though, she was impressed. Adrian being able to not only hold it as long as she has, but also to do so while in active combat and not let it cloud her judgement. She caught a glance of the glistening fabric in-between Adrian’s legs every now and then, and even picked up on her recent patterns of release. It was oddly fascinating to watch.

The experience for both of them was interrupted by the computer reporting a probe was destroyed, and then another.

“There are our guests. Take us out, thrusters only. Position us above them, keep power for the launchers and lower everything else,” Adrian ordered, leaning forward in her chair, the wet material squelching slightly as she did.

The Saber rose above their last probe position and moved away slowly, coming about to face the direction of the last contact. Blips of the probes on sensors were disappearing, closer towards them.

“Move us to these coordinates slowly, but first. Engage impulse for half a second. Make it look like we just shot off,” Adrian said.

The engines glowed bright for just a moment, enough to move the ship and make a noise on sensors. If all went as planned, they would be on the flank of the two ships.

Adrian opened her legs one last time and relaxed, the warm feeling spreading for several seconds all over her crotch and upper thighs. She sighed softly as the last of her pee flooded her pants, a little bit dripping onto the floor below her. She somehow did it. She slowly wet herself over the last hour without too much of a mess. She smiled to herself, relishing the warmth of it.

T’Rin was watching Adrian for the moment it occurred and could sense her unusual fondness over the act. She was about to speak up to her, but then ahead on the viewscreen the ships appeared.

Just as Adrian’s last drops soaked through her panties the two Dominion vessels slowly passed by. It was their one opportunity, all she had to do was utter one word.

“Fire,” Adrian said deeply. Tactical responded with the spread of their torpedoes loaded into the magazine. Three torpedoes spread to each ship, impacting the hull and nacelles if they were not outright destroyed. The force of the blasts pushed the ships deeper into the cloud of gas before they were out of visible range. Before they could confirm their detonation, Adrian ordered the Saber to full impulse and to exit the gas giant. The two detonations of the ships flared up behind them as they rapidly ascended, eventually leaving the planet’s atmosphere entirely.

The entire crew exhaled loudly, the tactical and helms officers patting each other on the backs. Adrian nodded to T’Rin while breathing out herself. T’Rin slowly returned the gesture herself.

Their celebration was interrupted by a hail, causing a knot to form in Adrian’s throat in concern. Opening it revealed a friendly face though.

“Saber. This USS Destiny. Good to see you still intact. We picked up your signals from the probes you released, saw the ending from above.” The captain of the ship said.

“Feeling is mutual, Destiny. But what is the status of the Wyoming? Are they okay?” Adrian asked in a more concerned tone, she stood up as she did instinctively.

“Wyoming is done for, but we rescued most of the crew. They were lucky. We scuttled the ship and are returning to Starbase 375 with the crew. You should follow us back for debriefing and repairs,” Destiny responded before closing the channel.

Adrian sighed in relief again before she realized what she did. She felt the wet material of her pants clinging to the back of her legs and her butt, in direct view of her first officer. She sat back down quickly and leaned in toward T’Rin.

“Please, don’t say anything. I know I should have handled this well before it got to this point,” Adrian pleaded in a whisper.

T’Rin responded with a raised eyebrow, in a similar tone. “About what, Captain? I only experienced the bravery of a superior officer who managed to get her crew to safety, given the circumstances of the near-unwinnable situation we found ourselves. Prioritizing her crew over her own safety,” she said, briefly looking at her stained thighs. “And her needs. I will only report the necessary details.”

Adrian could kiss her, she was relieved. “Thank you, T’Rin,” she said.

“I can take the bridge and relieve you of command, if you wish to return to your quarters,” T’Rin offered to her.

Adrian nodded and was eternally grateful, not only to her but for the lights still being dim. Hiding the accident from the rest of the bridge. “I stand relieved, in two ways. Thanks,” she said, quickly walking away into the turbolift.

T’Rin gazed down towards the chair, which still had a puddle in it. She would wait until the bridge was clear to have transporters remove it.

In Adrian’s quarters she stepped in and locked the door. She dodged as many crewmen as she could on her way down and tried to hide her forward stain with a PADD. She leaned against the door and was breathing heavily. Her adrenaline was high, and her mind went back to the feeling of the first few leaks. The warmth, and the strange feeling of it mentally. It was taboo, it was… naughty. She was not, she could not have done that as a captain. Yet she did, and it drove her crazy. The cooling material of her wet legs felt amazing, and soon another form of wetness emerged in her panties.

She could not believe it, but she enjoyed this. More than anything. She desired that warmth again, and now that she was alone, she could, however she wanted.

She unzipped her jacket and threw it aside; it avoided the accident and was fine to wear later. She grabbed the waistband of her pants and hiked them up as far as she could. The seam parted her lower lips and made quite the cameltoe, while the seam also slipped between her cheeks into a tight wedgie. She moaned softly as she pulled the front of her waistband up repeatedly, massaging herself with the seam. She tried to relax her bladder, but not much came out. So, she pushed, and a sizable amount started to flow out. Her pants so tight against her lips that it nearly sprayed right through. She slowed it down so her pee traveled down her legs, soaking them as it went down towards the floor.

She slid down the door until her butt hit the floor with a squelch. She rubbed herself through the wet material of her pants. Starting out slow but gaining in speed until her hand was almost a blur of motion. Her free hand touching her breast gingerly. Her finger grazing her nipple was enough to send her into climax. Her body rocked and jolted as she came into her pants, squirting whatever fluid was left through them. She breathed loudly as she slowly massaged her crotched in a circle with her hand, recovering from the powerful moment.

It was better than sex. Better than anything arousing she ever experienced. All of that, however, was gone in an instant. Her mind regained its composure and the realization of her situation dawned on her. She just wet herself on the bridge of her first command, in battle. Her first officer is fully aware of her accident. Then she just masturbated in her standard issue uniform and further ruined it with her fluids. The worst part of it all, she did not care. This discovery was more important than anything as she absent mindedly continued to circle her cameltoe with her fingers.

Her rational thinking did return eventually, however. She rose to her feet and walked to her private head. She looked in her mirror and smiled at the status of her trousers. She slipped them off and would just throw them in the clothing recycler after her shower. She chose to remember this one pleasure, as the rest of the day was likely to be stressful.

