The Million Dollar Challenge

Author: Noefr

*000*2024-08-02 21:38

Chapter 1: The Million Dollar Challenge

Emma woke up with a start, not because she had a nightmare, but because her phone emitted a sharp sound that jolted her from her sleep.

She rubbed her eyes to wake up and wondered what could have caused such a noise. She turned to her phone, hoping it hadn't woken her parents or her sister. The phone's screen was off, but a small green light indicated she had received a message.

Who could be messaging her in the middle of the night, and she thought she had put her phone on silent. She turned on her phone and the first thing she noticed was the time, it was exactly midnight, then she focused on the message she had received.

The message was titled "The Million Dollar Challenge", and she immediately thought it was spam and hesitated to open it but did so anyway, frustrated at being woken up in the middle of the night because of a scam. She opened the message and noticed that reading it wouldn't take much time, so she started reading, still not very awake:

"Dear Emma, I am honored to announce that we have selected you to participate in a series of challenges related to omorashi for the opportunity to win one million dollars."

At the end of the first sentence, Emma's eyes widened, surprised by the content of the message; they already knew her name but also her fetish for omorashi, which she had had for several years.

How could they have access to this information? She didn't remember giving it to anyone.

After regaining her composure, she continued reading.

"The rules are simple: complete the challenges while following any conditions given with the challenge. The challenges will increase in difficulty over time. You can stop at any time, but you will not win anything. If you have any questions, send them directly in this message thread. Otherwise, if you are ready to start, send the message 'I am ready'."

Emma's brain was indeed filled with questions: who were they, what would these challenges be like, and especially how could they verify that she was completing them? Were they spying on her?

A part of her was also excited by the discovery that she could possibly win a million dollars by completing omorashi-related challenges that she had been practicing for quite a while. Emma thought about the questions she had in mind and decided that the best way to get answers was to try; after all, she had nothing to lose. She frantically typed on her keyboard and finally sent the message:

"I am ready."

*001*2024-08-03 22:12

CHAPTER 2: The First Challenge

After sending the message, Emma continued to stare at her phone's screen, waiting for a response, but nothing appeared. She wondered if she had made the right decision to reply to that message, she quickly fall back asleep, exhausted by the information she had just learned.

Emma woke up a few hours later, got up slowly, and took her phone to see if she had received any messages from her friends. But when she turned on her phone, she noticed a message from the same sender as yesterday.

The challenge came back to her mind like a flash. Without waiting, she unlocked her phone and opened the message, which this time contained only two lines:

"Congratulations on entering the challenge! Challenge number 1: Pee in the toilet."

Emma had suspected the first challenge would be simple, but this simple? She was almost a little disappointed. The message reminded her of her bladder, which had filled up quite a bit during the night. She usually held her morning pee, but she would make an exception this time.

She headed to the bathroom, took off her pajama bottoms and panties, and sat down. Quickly, a powerful stream gushed out, and Emma felt an intense relief, even though she would have liked to hold it a bit longer.

Afterward, she got dressed again and returned to her room to check her phone to see if the challenge had been validated. To her great surprise, when she turned on her phone, a message appeared:

"Challenge completed."

A wave of stress washed over her as she wondered how this was possible, but the feeling quickly gave way to the excitement of knowing the next challenges.

At 20 years old, Emma had discovered omorashi two years earlier when she accidentally came across a forum discussing the topic. She had immediately wanted to try it and had loved the feeling of holding her pee and finally the satisfaction of releasing and wetting her clothes. She had tried many things, but the fact that she still lived with her parents and her 18-year-old sister prevented her from doing everything she wanted. She had sometimes thought about confessing her fetish to her parents, but her shyness had always held her back.

The next challenge soon appeared on her phone. She hurried to read it: "Challenge number 2: Your next pee must be done in your panties at a place of your choice."

But this time, the challenge was accompanied by a section of conditions: "Conditions:

- Do not pee before 2 PM

- Drink 500 ml of water"

This time, Emma felt her heart beat faster as she read the challenge. It wouldn’t be the first time she peed in her panties, but the fact that, starting from the second challenge, she had to drink water and hold it until 2 PM worried her about what the following challenges would be like if this was considered a simple one.

Emma quickly headed to the kitchen to drink the required amount of water. Emma checked the time and saw that it was almost 10 AM, so she would have to hold it for 4 hours, even though she didn't feel any pressure in her bladder at the moment.

