Fosters omorashi: wilt edition

Author: nicholas1996

*000*2018-03-25 03:35

I love fosters home and decided to try my own omorashi based on the show.

Wilt is going about doing chores like he does each day when he gets a urge to pee,He heads to the nearest bathroom and is about to go inside when Edwardo turns the corner and asks wilt to go forth, its clear he has to go worse then wilt as he is crossing his legs back and forth so wilt lets him go first because he is so nice,Wilt groans as he can hear Edwardo pee behind the door and sigh in relief,Suddenly more and more friends get in line and by the time Edwardo comes out he notices all the other friends crossing their legs and fidgeting a bunch. Wilt lets people in front of him go first. Wilt's urge grows more and more as the friends go in and out of the bathroom,The line is about halfway over now but wilt is now bursting, he cant stop crossing his legs and fidgeting. He is trying his best to hold it but he knows he wont last much longer.

Just then bloo gets to the front of the line and feels something wet him him from above, he looks up and sees wilt is leaking and gasps and says "Wilt! gross!" then wilt blushes and says "im so sorry bloo but ive been holding it forever and everyone else wants to go before me",Bloo sighs and says "you can join me if you want, you can use the sink while i use the toilet, just dont look", Wilt agrees and they both go inside and lock the door and relive themselves and wash their hands, bloo looks at wilt and says "if you have to pee then go, if i wasn't there to save you then you might have gave someone a unneeded shower" and they both leave blushing.

*001*2018-03-25 04:03

I'm new to writing these so if i can make any improvements let me know.

