Aboard The Netilus

Author: NerqTheMighty

*000*2019-12-19 14:28

The air was fresh up here, and the wind was brisk. Nuart Allport lounged against the railing, admiring the moisture scoop in front of him. Forty, maybe fifty feet across at the mouth, the bugle-shaped device tapered gently into the internals of the ship. Watching it bite into the passing clouds, he wondered at how he even managed to earn a berth on the newest airship in the fleet. A Flint-Class air carrier was no joke; able to launch a fighter every fifteen seconds, it boasted a comprehensive point-defense interlocking turret system to ward off any threats close at hand.

Nuart shrugged and stopped leaning on the rail. Walking along the passage towards the bow, the moisture in the air reminded him of the liquid in his bladder. He hadn't relieved himself since yesterday. Perhaps he could pee off the ship, into the sky below? He heard steps on the metal decking from the door he had just walked past. It was alright, he could hold it.

"Enjoying the air too, Allport?" said a female voice.

Nuart turned around, "Why yes, Airman Newmandt."

They both chuckled. The Netilus pitched up a few degrees, making it a slight uphill walk to the front of the airship. As they both reached the bow, the ambient grey of thick clouds gave way to the white and blue of clear air. The moisture in the air abruptly dropped, the mid-morning sun shone, and the two watched as the massive canards worked the air, slicing through the sky to level out The Netilus once more.

"So, how'd you find me, Hannah?" he prodded jestingly.

"Well, let's see. It was a combination of probability, an a'ship that isn't actually all that large, me being part bloodhound and of course a healthy dose of witchcraft" she joked back. They shared a laugh.

Nuart pointed off to starboard, "There's one."

One of the escort destroyers, Marania, burst through a cloud. Off to the other side the Synton Flare rocketed up from behind another.

"Those guys are just showoffs." remarked Hannah.

"Yeah. Whupsie, time to go" Nuart responded as he checked his watch.

"Mood, later!" she said as she departed for the boiler room.

Nuart ascended the nearby stairs to the flight deck and got to work, ignoring the sloshing feeling in his bladder.

*002*2019-12-19 16:52

Hannah arrived at the boiler room almost exactly on time. The heat immediately warmed her face from the leftover chill of outside. Airman Tonische walked up to her, nearly pouncing, and roughly thrust the shovel into her hands.

"About damned time you showed up." snarled the coal dust-covered woman. "Well? Take the shovel, you idiot!"

"I arrived exactly on time," Hannah replied flatly. Other airmen shuffled around them, quietly exchanging their shifts.

Airman Tonische scowled even deeper "just take it" and gave it another shove, pushing the handle into Hannah's moderately full bladder. She then flounced off after the rest of the outgoing shift.

Hannah sighed and stepped up to an empty spot at a boiler, opened the door and started shovelling.

###

Topside, Nuart was hard at work moving a reconnaissance glider to the aircraft elevator, assisted by other deck crew.

"Another excellent landing!" proclaimed Nath Drakuis, the pilot from inside the glider.

"Yes, we're all proud of you for not clipping the bridge again!" teased another deck crew member over the roar of the steam catapult putting a fresh glider in the sky. The rest of the team laughed.

Nath faked an offended expression, "That was a whole week ago! The wind changed suddenly! I'll be back in a fighter by next week!" he said in a lighthearted tone.

The deck crew responded in kind with mock consolation and laughs.

As the elevator lurched into motion, the deck crew stepped off. The last Nuart saw of the popular pilot was as he hopped out of his glider, ran to the open edge of the elevator and confidently unzipped for a presumably very long pee.

This brought Nuart's mind back to his own rather full bladder. It wasn't really all that bad yet anyway.

Distantly ahead of The Netilus, a burst of flame appeared in the sky. Cries of "look!" and "what was that?" echoed across the wooden flight deck.

The loudspeaker at the control hut crackled to life, "Deck crew prepare for an emergency landing. Damage control to standby positions." An alarm began to sound.

The fireball approached the airship, and eventually it was possible to discern the shape of a civilian transport, one or two engines on fire, struggling to maintain altitude. It vectored towards the portside runway on the other side of the superstructure from Nuart. It passed the bow of the ship moving too fast and too low, and began scraping along the deck. Out of sight for a moment behind the bridge, He heard a blast, and the now-sideways transport was careening sternward, flipping over and setting fire to more of itself as well as the deck. It ground to a halt bottom side up, uncomfortably close to the rear edge of the airship.

Horrorstruck, Nuart stood as if paralysed for a moment, then realised that he was about to piss himself. Avoiding that immediate disaster, he regained control and turned his attention to the larger disaster unfolding across the deck.

*003*2019-12-19 18:13

The boiler room was sweltering as always. Hannah had to pee, but she kept it hidden in the rhythm of the shovel work. Sway hips. Bend down. Scoop up coal. Swing back. Deposit into boiler. Straighten up. Repeat.

The boilers themselves were large, round and bulged out in an unsettlingly organic fashion towards the middle. Full of hot, angry water, they did little to not remind Hannah of her very own hot, angry water inside, stretching her bladder into a slight bulge beneath her uniform.

The rather peaceful monotony was broken by the sound of an alarm, echoing from somewhere above, as well as an indistinct announcement that sounded like "damage control."

No new orders came down, though, so everyone just kept shoveling at the same pace. Hannah really needed to pee badly, but she probably couldn't risk leaving now.

The Netalus lurched suddenly, throwing Hannah off balance slightly; enough to make her drop her current shovelful of coal short of the opening into the ever-rumbling boiler.

"Damn it, what's going on up there?" she muttered under her breath, a sentiment echoed by a few others in the room.

Having broken her pattern, her need to pee felt much greater now, but she pushed on through and found her stride once more.

###

Fire teams swarmed around the wreck, trying to keep the entire fuselage from going up in flames, and especially trying to keep the remaining lift bladder from exploding. Rescue teams had already cut their way into the passenger compartment, and bodies were starting to be dragged out. The cockpit was completely crushed from the rollover, and the people being extracted looked bloody and lifeless.

Having run over to provide assistance, Nuart was carrying bodies away from the fire, though they all seemed limp. One passenger appeared to be conscious, and was quickly escorted to the infirmary by other airmen, shouting rather incoherently about "giant squings."

By the time the fire was extinguished, the death toll became apallingly clear. Out of sixteen passengers, only two survived, and the two pilots had been horrifically crushed to death on impact. None of The Netilus crew were killed, though a few were concussed when the first lift bladder ruptured in the crash.

Coming down from the adrenaline of the event, Nuart's bulging bladder reminded him of its presence. He rushed along the flight deck, past all the armoured lift bladders which were stretched tight, just like his own.

*005*2019-12-19 19:49

The alarm had finally stopped, and they hadn't fallen from the sky yet, so that must be good, right? Hannah was reaching the end of her shift, and the end of her endurance. Barely able to hide her desperation anymore, she had switched to a reckless, hurried twist-and-swing motion.

Word trickled down to the boiler room of what had happened up on the flight deck, and she was horrified to learn that some people had died. She was terrified at the thought that Nuart might have been hurt or killed.

It was at this point that her bladder had had enough and prepared to make its big exit. Some spurts escaped into her pants as she asked the other airman at her boiler to cover for her. He obliged, and Hannah leaned her shovel against the bulkhead and started towards the nearest head.

But as she passed one boiler, she noticed two younger airmen, boys of barely 16 years, who were not shovelling, and furthermore that one was peeing into the firebox! This was just too much for her bladder and she froze in place as her trousers darkened between her legs, then broke into a sprint for the door. The startled teen lost his aim and urinated all over the front of his boiler, making a foul steam and a loud hiss.

Hannah rocketed past the Chief Engineer, who was headed in the opposite direction to reprimand the boys, and almost slammed into the wall outside the door. Pee gushed out of her and dribbled along her legs, spattering on the floor as she climbed to the next level to reach the toilet, tears forming in her eyes.

Her stream died down as she reached the head. Defeated and soggy and mortified, Hannah slumped against the wall just inside the door and broke down sobbing in a puddle of her own piss.

###

Nuart practically jumped down each ladder, every impact taking its toll on his control. His hands and arms were still bloody from handling the passengers from the wreck, and a red stain had developed around his crotch as he kept grabbing and squeezing it to keep all his pee inside his overflowing bladder.

He was almost there, just two more corners, just one. He was going to lose it. He charged into the toilet and tripped over something soft and wet. Someone yelped. He reached out and tried to grab the edge of the sink, but his bloody hands were too slippery. He landed belly-first on the floor and pee started to flood his pants.

###

Hannah of course had forgotten to lock the door, when a very blood-coveted Nuart came flying in, tripping over her legs. She watched as he slammed into the floor and proceded to very thoroughly wet his pants right in front of her.

"Oh the God, NUART?" Hannah exclaimed as their pools of piss merged and expanded, "are you okay?"

"uoh... I think I just wet my pants... aagh heck, I think my face... is broken." Nuart said in a pained tone.

"You have blood all over your arms!"

"not my blood."

Hannah found that last remark hysterically funny and started to laugh.

*007*2019-12-20 18:07

At least her tears were of laughter for now. Nuart dragged himself over to the apposing wall and leaned up against it. His nose didn't feel quite broken, but it was still throbbing. His hands were covered in blood and piss now, and his uniform was ruined. Mildly annoyed at Hannah for laughing at him, he took a moment to recollect himself.

###

Hannah tried to stop laughing, she really tried, but the image in her head of a criminal suspect denying ownership of his own blood as it leaked out was too absurd. In her head, it played out like a common encounter on the hit television show, Enforcement Now: a suspect, high on happy powder, denying ownership of a growing pool of his own blood, becoming less coherent with time.

"So, why were you on the floor?" Nuart's voice brought her back to reality.

Finally bringing her giggling under control, Hannah replied, "I, uh, pissed myself on the way here."

The pooled pee beneath her butt was cooling rapidly, and it was starting to stink in this tiny toilet.

"Guess we have a bunch of laundry to do now" he remarked.

"My shirt is still fine," observed Hannah, checking herself over.

"Is that so?" Nuart flicked a few flecks of urine-blood onto her sleeve. "There. Now we're even."

"Okay, maybe I deserved that. Let's clean up before anyone stumbles in on this mess."

###

The mess hall was almost completely silent that day. Nobody talked louder than the sound of silverware-on-tray, and the occasional cough or dropped fork seemed quite thunderous by comparison. One could hear the hum and rumble of the engines which propelled The Netilus swiftly through the sky. Everyone moved more slowly than usual.

Working in the boiler room was always thirsty work, so Hannah was filling up on liquids to replace what she had sweated, exhaled and peed away. She felt good in her clean uniform and freshly washed skin, but that could only get her so far. After this would be the funeral for the victims of the crash.

Today's menu didn't help. Gelatinous slop on bread with steamed pork cubes on the side. Hannah sat down across from Nuart, and though nothing was said, they both enjoyed their meal a little bit more than most of the other airmen.

###

Twenty-one black signal flares hung in the air as the 16 silver balloons were released from the deck, taking with them each their own black coffin, bearing the dead to heaven.

Hannah was struggling to hold back tears while standing at attention. Everyone silently watched the balloons drift upwards, until they were lost in the blue.

The service ended, and The Netilus began moving again, taking a Southerly course.

*008*2019-12-20 19:33

Chasmid Tonische was in the boiler room once more. She was glad she wasn't topside for the funeral, she didn't need that kind of boredom in her life. Not that this was much better; shovelling coal for hours was also very boring. At least she was moving some parts of her body doing this.

"Hey, pay attention!" snapped the other airman at the boiler as she dumped yet another shovelful of coal on his boots.

She paid a little more attention, but mostly she pondered her filling bladder. She wiggled her hips and felt the slosh. Without a word, she wedged her shovel in the coal pile and headed towards the door.

"Hey! Where're ya going?" shouted her boilermate after her.

She didn't stop and just replied "head" over her shoulder with a dismissive wave. Almost to the door, she passed two younger airmen scrubbing one of the boilers by hand, one inside the firebox and the other outside. The Chief Engineer sat in his seat, keeping a close eye on them.

Out in the hallway, however, Chasmid had turned right instead of left, and soon she had made it to an external catwalk. The deck was grated, so below her was open sky all the way down to the ocean. She looked around. Shielded from view of upper decks by the massive moiture scoop, there was nobody around to see her. A perfect spot.

She clenched her legs as she undid the zip of her trousers. Spreading with two fingers, she let loose a stream of hot piss over the railing. It felt so good to finally release, and she always got a thrill from peeing in places she shouldn't.

Her stream died down and she got a few drops on the railing before quickly pulling her pants back into place. Having gotten away with her naughty deed, she made her way back inside, and strode into the boiler room.

The Chief Engineer confronted her, "Why did you leave your boiler?"

" 'Cause I had to use the hole, Sir."

"And did you tell your boilermate before you tossed your shovel into the pile?" He raised an eyebrow on his stern face.

"Yes, Sir."

"Well he doesn't seem to think so." the eyebrow floated back down from its perch. "You left him to do the work of two people on his own."

"he's a man, he can handle double speed for the duration of one piss break..." muttered Chasmid.

"What did I just hear?" demanded the Chief Engineer, seeming to loom larger despite not moving.

"Yes, Sir. Sorry, Sir."

"Back to your boiler." He turned to address the boys, who had paused their scrubbing to watch.

Paying no more attention to the rebuke behind her, she grabbed her shovel out from under some fresh coal and stepped up to the boiler again.

*010*2019-12-21 16:53

The briefing room was exactly that shade of green that nobody quite liked, but always seemed to show up where it was least needed. Today it added to an already uncomfortable atmosphere as a report on a heretofore-unknown species of giant squing. While little had been determined yet, the presentation seemed fairly confident that these were not hive creatures like their smaller counterparts. They could be assumed hostile to anything in the air for now.

Nuart shifted in his seat, recrossing his legs. This presentation had been going on and on without saying very much at all. His annoyance only agitated his full bladder more. He uncrossed his legs, leaned forwards and rested his elbows on them, cradling his clean-shaven chin on supporting fists.

The room was almost unbearably stuffy by the time the presentation ended, so it was no surprise that many people were out on the catwalks, taking in the fresh breeze. The Netilus rocked slowly as it skirted a small storm cloud.

General quarters sounded, and everyone took off towards their stations, abandoning any conversations that had been going on.

The 1MC buzzed and announced, "The Marania is under attack by a swarm of giant squing. We are moving to render aid."

###

Hannah sat in her assigned ball turret and watched the small-caliber fire erupt from the escort destroyer. On edge not only because she had been about to use the toilet when the call to battle stations went out, but also because of the implications of giant squing.

She had been bitten by a squing before, when she was a little girl, on a school trip to the local ink farm. Unprovoked, it had wrapped around her arm and bitten down with its small but sharp beak. So she was terrified of the thought of a giant squing, and wondered why the God would ever allow such a monster to evolve.

The Marania drew closer, and she could now make out the bulletlike forms of the squing as they darted around the destroyer, their undulating extremities whipping and curling in the most unsettling fashion. As they came into range, fire from the turrets on her own airship started picking off any squing that were not directly between the two, very deliberately not putting holes in their escort airship.

One particularly fast squing had broken from the rest and was approaching The Netilus. Hannah couldn't quite hit it, as it weaved through the air, flapping its disgusting fleshy wings and floating past every bullet thrown its way.

To her horror, the creature rushed towards her very turret, and began to wrap its spasmodic arms around the glass, the beak tapping and scraping with a horrible sound as it attempted to chew its way in. One slimy arm squeezed its way through the gap between the machinegun and the sight plate. Hannah screamed and drew her pocket knife as the it flailed around and suckered onto her uniform. She sliced and stabbed at the pulsating appendage until it let go and retreated with a sickening shudder. A burst of fire from a neighboring turret reduced the giant squing to a blue mist, and the splatter covered her turret in giblets.

A hissing sound could be heard, and Hannah looked around for the source. Finally looking down she realized she had pissed herself, and watched her crotch darken with hot, pent up pee.

"Damn it!" Hannah interjected defeatedly.

*012*2019-12-23 18:10

Just as had been practiced many times before, the next fighter was on the catapult in thirty seconds. The deck crew hardly needed to speak, as everyone had rehearsed the motions hundreds of times. The only part he hadn't done or thought through that many times was having a hot, heavy bladder.

A very large storm cloud loomed ahead of The Netilus. Nuart could feel the airship slow to avoid entering it. A smaller, glistening puff emerged from the base of the cumulonimbus. As the starboard point-defense engaged the squing around The Marania, The Synton Flare charged ahead and began firing on the distant squad of squing.

Nuart lain prone as a fighter rode the catapult, the flying wing shape passing over him as it accelerated. Now was not the time to think about his bladder; he had a role to perform. Climbing back to his feet, he ran back to the elevator, which held yet another fighter.

Nath Drakuis shouted from inside his canopy, "Look guys! I'm back in a fighter!" with a big smile.

Nobody had time to joke with him this time. The deck crew pushed the fighter onto the catapult and made sure the grip was properly engaged.

Nath made the signal to the control hut, and screamed "Yee-haw" as he was launched into the blue.

Several fighters had already made contact with the squing. Their scattergun ammunition made short work of the boneless monsters that the pilots could get into their sights, but there always seemed to be more.

The storm cloud writhed and boiled, and started spreading alarmingly towards the carrier group. The Synton Flare was the first to be enveloped. The Netilus and The Marania followed, engulfed at roughly the same time.

The wind picked up, and visibility dropped significantly. Something, many things were moving just out of sight among the dense water vapor veil. The whole airship flexed and rolled in the turbulent air. A thunderous boom drifted from afore the airship, followed by a loud crack and the horrifying sound of rending metal.

The twisted wreck of The Synton Flare cartwheeled into view. It was nearly folded in half, and tumbled aft only maybe 60 meters above the deck. Just as quickly, it disappeared to the rear and was lost from sight.

The Netilus began a sharp maneuver to port, banking into it slightly. A massive horde of squing descended upon the deck. Cries of terror echoed across the flight deck as the crew came under direct attack. A giant squing passed only a meter or so from Nuart and wrapped its arms around one of the other deck crew, who started screaming in pain. Nuart drew his knife and jumped onto the mantle of the beast, cutting long strokes and exposing the innards to the air. The giant squing wobbled like gelatin and fell dead, twitching on the deck. He excavated his crewmate from the slimy pile of arms and tentacles to find his hand mangled.

"You're gonna be okay." Nuart shouted over the sound of many machinegun turrets firing non-stop.

The air overhead was filled with tracer rounds and the outlines of giant squing. Nuart couldn't quite carry the airman alone, so he dragged him to the hatch by the elevator and lowered him down the ladder.

*014*2019-12-27 21:56

Having delivered the injured airman to the quickly-filling infirmary, Nuart had to decide what to do with his bladder full. He resolved to look for an available toilet before returning to the flight deck, reasoning in his head that he would be able to make better decisions when he didn't need to pee.

Every nearby head had a line in front of it, however, so Nuart needed to venture further forward through the ship. With every bulkhead and hatch he passed, his need grew. Rounding a corner, he came to a toilet that had no line. He tried the door, but it was locked. Nuart danced in desperation as he knocked on the door, hopping from one foot to another and grabbing his crotch every few seconds.

"Occupied!" rang a familiar voice. It was Hannah.

Realising this, Nuart yelled through the door, "Hannah, it's me, Nuart! Can you please finish up in there?"

There was a quiet "oh, shi-" from inside the door and a rustling of clothing, then the door swung open. "Just get in here!" Hannah quietly urged him. "I won't look."

Nuart dashed through the hatch and over to the toilet. He felt like he was about to burst. He unzipped his pants, took aim at the toilet and let go.

The relief was sensational, as the hot, pent-up pressure from his bladder released itself. He breathed heavily as his brain tingled. The world had shrunk to a single room. It was just Nuart and the toilet.

"Damn, Nuart, how huge is your bladder? You've been peeing for like a minute or two now!" Hannah interrupted his bubble.

"Hey, you said you wouldn't look." he said.

"I'm not looking, but I'm also not deaf." she quipped.

His stream coming to an end, he shook it dry and returned his lengthening thing to his trousers. He turned around to see Hannah with her hands over her eyes, a smirk on her face.

"You done yet?" she asked.

"Yeh." said Nuart shortly, as he washed his hands. The dark blue flowed down the drain while he scrubbed away the caked-on squing blood.

He felt himself grabbed around the chest from behind.

"Please don't go back outside to those monsters, Nuart." whispered Hannah, "I don't want you to get hurt."

"I have to be back out there to make sure every fighter and glider makes a safe landing, no matter what. I can't let them get hurt either." he replied.

"No. Stay here with me. Where they can't get to us." She hugged him tighter. "I'm scared."

He could feel her breathing as her chest pushed against his back. His brain was telling him to leave, but the now-rock-solid thing in his pants told him to stay.

Hannah's head rested against the back of his neck. He slowly reached back and stroked her soft hair as his body outvoted his brain.

*016*2019-12-28 10:28

The Netilus had escaped the cloud, and the flight decks seemed almost painted a glistening blue in the waning sunlight. The defense turrets had fallen silent, their effectiveness demonstrated clearly by the sheer number of carcasses sitting leaking on the runways and draped over pretty much everything else.

A place had finally been cleared for Nath Drakuis to touch down. With the ammunition counter sitting at zero, he had made sure to violently disassemble every giant squing he could get behind. His own hull was splattered blue and black as he made a pass at the starboard arrestor cables. He was jerked fotward in his seat as the tailhook caught, and he came to a stop. The seat harness pulled against his bladder, among other areas.

Nath jumped out of the cockpit and slipped on the slick blood, falling on his rear and sliding off the trailing edge of the wing.

"Whaoao!" he exclaimed as he dropped unceremoniously onto the slippery deck.

He watched, slightly dazed, as the noticeably less-numerous deck crew struggled to find stable enough footings to lift the fighter and carry it over to the nearest elevator.

One crewmember stood from the rest, checking a list. "Has anyone seen Allport?" she shouted.

A deck crew carrying the fighter answered, "I saw him picking Evanson from a pile of dead squing before. Not sure where he went after that."

"Evanson was delivered to the infirmary. Nobody saw Allport after that?"

The deck crew all shook their heads.

She continued to ask them questions, but Nath was now out of earshot. He clambered down ladders and shuffled through corridors until he reached his cabin, then flopped on the lower bunk, exhausted.

He had honestly never dreamt that one day he would be hunting squing the size of men, yet here he was. He chuckled at the absurdity of the world.

"What's so funny?" asked Chasmid. She poked her head out from her hiding place on the top bunk.

"Oh hey Chassie, I'm feeling a little tired right-"

"You kept your promise, right?" she interrupted, jumping to the floor. She looked both ways outside the door, then closed it and turned the lock. "You brought me that big, hot full bladder of yours, right?"

"Yeah, I- Look, I'm not-" he spluttered.

"Great!" she bubbled, and threw one leg over him. "So, are you desperate?"

"Uhm, sorta." Nath replied as his mind started catching up with his body, which knew what was coming next.

"How about now?" Chasmid asked as she brought her other leg onto the bunk, straddled him and pushed on his bladder with both hands.

He squirmed uncomfortably.

"You big tease. I knew it, you're desperate. You kept your promise. You wanna know how I reward people who keep their promises with me?" She reached under his shirt and played with his chest hair, leaned down and whispered lustfully in his ear, "I give 'em whatever I want."

"Whatever you want?" Nath asked playfully from beneath her draping hair while Chasmid undid the buttons of his top.

"What-ever I want." she breathed, looking straight into his eyes. The space between their bodies was feeling hotter by the second.

Nath unbuttoned her top, which she promptly threw off to the floor. He ran his hands down her sides, then around her back, and up again to remove her bra.

Meanwhile Chasmid busied her hand unfastening his pants and tracing a finger around his bladder. She turned sideways and tore off her own trousers before continuing. Finally leaning back, she yanked down Nath's pants to reveal the prize within.

He stopped massaging her shoulders as she grabbed him by his own and sat hard on his exposed belly, squeezing his bladder violently.

He twitched as a wave of desperation washed over him.

"Your bladder is now under my control." she reached behind her back. "You will pee exactly when I tell you to pee, understand?" she stroked his piece once.

He tensed up, holding it back. "Yes, ma'am."

*018*2020-01-01 17:22

It was all going to plan, so far. Chasmid ground back and forth along Nath's belly, and she could feel his taut bladder straining under the pressure. Her own bladder was achingly full, but that was a surprise she was keeping for later. She started bouncing on his bladder instead as her body leaked excess lubrication.

"How does that feel?" she asked.

"unh. unf. hot. feels hot. uoh." he replied between moans of desperation.

"How about this?" she said with a devious grin.

She shifted backwards a tiny bit, grabbed his hot, twitching member and sandwiched it beneath her, on top of Nath's bulging bladder.

"Ohhh, you're gonna make me pee!" he warned her, as she felt his erection strain against her.

"You're a big boy. If you pee before I tell ya to, I'm gonna have to punish ya." Chasmid teased back.

With both palms she pushed his tip hard into his bladder.

"Aaahhh! No! I'm peeing!" announced Nath, as he pissed up his belly and onto his chest.

Mission accomplished. Chasmid smiled down as his hot pee cascaded across his chest.

"Oh dear, you've pissed yourself like a naughty little boy. I'd better punish you." she said, grinding against the base of his member.

"How are you going to punish me?" he asked.

"Like this." Chasmid felt the little twitch in her urethra as she unlocked her floodgates, and peed forcefully on his erection. Her piss was hot and fresh, and the feeling of release brought her to the edge. The hiss and splatter of pee against skin was a symphony in her ears.

As her stream weakened, Nath commented, "That was hot."

Then they proceeded to get on with the main course.

