A very wet weekend

Author: nalekema

*000*2024-04-09 21:47

With a satisfying fwump, the door closed behind Monica. She dropped her suitcase and hung her business jacket on the peg beside the door. After resting for a moment, she kicked off her shoes and while she slowly walked towards the kitchen, she started unbuttoning her blouse. She opened the fridge, grabbed a fresh 1.5 litre bottle of sparkling water, opened it and slowly downed the whole thing, feeling the sharp, cold liquid in the back of her throat.

It was a Friday night and Monica had just returned from a one week business trip. The drive home had been 5 hours. Now it was 22:00 hours and Monica was exhausted. She was done talking about contingency plans and emergency preparations or rather anything at all for at least the coming weekend. She finished her water bottle and moved over to the bathroom, stripping off her blouse and skirt. Monica was tired, but skipping the brushing her teeth was not an option. Neither was removing her makeup, she thought, longing for her bed. She only did a very quick routine, just avoiding rashes the next morning. Finally, she took off her bra, freeing her firm breasts from their cage and tossed it to the laundry basket. Her socks followed and seconds later, Monica just dropped on the bed and fell asleep within minutes.

Monica was woken up at 3 by a bunch of drunkards in the street. She could not discern what they did down there, but it was loud. They left after a few minutes. Monica lay on her bed in the dark and snuggled into the cover. She had not bothered to put on a nightshirt when going to bed and now needed some warmth. She noticed that she needed to pee. Thinking back through the day she realised that she had not visited the bathroom since the lunch break and the afternoon had been long. Monica might not have stayed awake enough for the meeting without several cups of coffee.

But after a week of basically no sleep (a lot of preparations for the next day had to be done on a hotel bed with a laptop on her lap), Monica was still very tired and not in a mood to get up. She decided to get back to sleep and pee in the morning. Her body, however, did not agree with that solution. Monica couldn’t get back to sleep, the urge to pee getting stronger every time she rolled over. Just as she considered giving in and getting up, a new thought occurred to her. Why not just wet the bed? Monica did like wetting her pants and she did so every time she could get away with it without anyone noticing. Wetting her bed, however, was something new. The bed had something sacred to it, wetting the bed was forbidden, which made the thought exciting.

Without further thinking on whether this was a good idea, Monica made a decision. She lay on her back, breathed calmly, and tried to relax. However, the excitement about this new idea was too great. Monica heard her heart beating loudly. She turned to the side, clamping the cover between her legs and concentrated on her breath. Slowly the thumping of her heart grew slower and fainter. Her thoughts went back to her aching bladder and she concentrated on her pelvic floor, slowly releasing every muscle. Expectantly, Monica waited a moment and - nothing happened.

Monica rolled back on her back and concentrated again, breathing slowly and deliberately, relaxing each and every muscle in her body. But still nothing. She kept lying on her back, feeling completely open, but no pee would flow. Unbelieving, she moved her hand, breaking her relaxed body state, to feel the crotch of her panties. Still dry. Well. At least she hadn’t missed wetting herself.

Since relaxation didn’t help, Monica clenched her stomach to put pressure on her bladder. Nothing happened. She tried again, holding the clench for several minutes, while relaxing her pelvic floor, but still, no pee would come. At the same time, the pressure in her bladder increased and the pain grew stronger.

After half an hour, Monica gave up. She got up, walked over to the bathroom and sat on the toilet. Only seconds after releasing, a torrent of pee gushed into her panties and Monica felt that they might rip.

She got up, tossed her soaked panties to the laundry basket and got back to bed. She slipped back under the cover, feeling the pee on her pussy with her hand and enjoying the wet feeling as Monica quickly fell asleep.

The next morning, Monica woke up refreshed but somewhat unsatisfied. She was determined to get on top of this. She ran her hand down to her pussy where all the pee had dried by now. She carefully stroked her round ass thinking that a little pee would feel nice on her skin right now.

Monica got up and grabbed her laundry basket, fishing out a pair of white cotton panties, the green t-shirt she hard worn last weekend and a pair of black jeans. She quickly put the clothes on. Then, she took the drenched panties from the night before and threw them into the washing machine, so they could not dampen the other clothes in the laundry basked. Monica had decided that this was going to be a wet weekend where dry clothes in the laundry basket were a valuable resource.

She went to the kitchen to set up some black tea. While the kettle was boiling, she unpacked her suitcase. Her business suits had to be dry cleaned, but her blouses and underwear went to the laundry. When her suitcase was empty, she finished brewing her tea and sat down at her computer, reading about water tight mattress covers.

After half an hour, Monica felt the need to pee grow stronger. She thought that morning pee was the best pee to wet herself, for it had a more slippery feeling on the skin. For a moment, she considered doing fancy stuff, but then decided against it. She leaned back, closed her eyes and relaxed. After a few seconds, her pussy gave way and a little stream of pee streamed into her panties, quickly flowing along her legs and under her bum. She felt the warm sensation of pee flowing everywhere, soaking into the cushion of her chair and dripping onto the floor. For a moment, Monica just sat in her pee and cherished the wetness and the slippery feeling. Grabbing the rest of her tea, she walked over to the bathroom, grabbed a cleaning rag and threw it into the puddle.

After cleaning the mess, Monica stripped off her wet clothes and put them into the washing machine. She slid her hands along her pee-covered skin, enjoying the slippery feeling and then stepped into the shower.

Half an hour later, Monica grabbed a big towel and carefully dried herself. Sitting on the bed, she considered whether she should wear a diaper, but decided against it. She expected to be back in one or two hours - she could easily hold it that long.

Two hours later, Monica walked into yet another store to find a water-tight mattress cover. She didn’t want to ask an employee where to find it in fear of them asking what she needed it for. In fact she would have preferred to buy it online and have it delivered to a dead drop somewhere, but that would have taken too long - she wanted that thing today. At the same time, Monica regretted not wearing a diaper, for she felt the tea make its way towards her bladder.

After searching the whole bedding part of the store, Monica finally found it in baby supplies. She quickly grabbed two mattress covers of the right size and also bought some big fluffy white towels to cover the plastic feeling of the mattress cover. To her relief, the checkout guy didn’t even look at her when finishing her purchase. On the way back to her car, Monica came past a bakery and bought a large sandwich, along with a huge bottle of coke. The sandwich was already gone when she reached the car.

The drive home took ages. Everyone does shopping on Saturdays and the traffic was horrible. Monica again regretted not wearing a diaper and put some serious thought into wetting herself right in the car. However, cleaning the car would have been a lot of work and Monica was worried that she could meet someone on the way to her flat.

When she finally got home, it was already past 14:00 hours. She felt like she could lose it any minute and carefully walked to her flat, greeting several neighbours on the way (good thing she didn’t wet herself earlier). The moment the door closed behind her, she just let go, not event removing her shoes first. Pee gushed into her panties and ran down her legs in a big stream. It just felt so good to finally wet herself. She just stood there in the corridor and let it happen. It felt like five minutes that stood there peeing herself, enjoying every moment of it. When she finally came to her senses, she cleaned up the next puddle and started preparing her bed for the night.

First, Monica removed all the sheets and put the water-tight cover on the mattress. Next, she unpacked the large towels and put them on top so there was a soft even surface for her to lie on. On top of that, the fitted sheet covered everything, making the bed look perfectly normal. When finished, Monica made her bed normally. She was surprised. With the fiddly mattress cover and the covering up with the towels, she’d expected this to take ages, but after 15 minutes, the bed was ready.

Meanwhile, her wet jeans felt cold and she didn’t want to lie on the bed with her wet clothes. Still, she didn’t want to waste any opportunity and stood up in the middle of the room and let her bladder empty into her already wet clothes. The warm wetness felt good, but as usual if she wet herself over and over again, the feeling grew number and she wanted something new. As she stripped out of her wet clothes, Monica gave her wet pussy a quick rub that immediately made her want more. Knowing that masturbating right now would make the rest of the day much more boring, she resisted, kicking the wet heap of clothes towards the door and slipping into the freshly made bed.

Monica explored the mattress. It felt normal, a little softer than usual due to the additional towels, but still comfortable. The night could come.

First, however, some food was in order. Monica hadn’t eaten for a whole day, and now that the tension of getting everything ready had broken, she felt her empty stomach. Monica went to the kitchen and looked at her supplies. After some consideration, she decided for some pasta with ready made pesto. When the water stood on the stove, Monica grabbed another bottle of water and some cherry juice to make it more tasty.

15 Minutes later, her meal stood on the table. Even though Monica lived alone, she always used decent tableware and did not eat from the pot. It was a lazy meal, but tasty and perfect for a day where eating was one of the lesser priorities. About half way through her plate, Monica felt new pee pressure build up and just let it flow. It felt so good, just wetting her pants without a care for the world.

After finishing her meal, Monica used her wet pants to mop up the floor under the table, ending up naked once again. She collected all the heaps of wet clothes and put them to the washing machine. She started it right away since there was very little space left.

Monica looked at her watch. There was still quite some time left to the day, so she decided to fill it with some video games. She carefully padded her chair with some towels and put on a new pair of tight fitting jeans. Looking in the mirror, Monica decided that she liked the looks of her round bum and imagined how her jeans would look if she wet them right now. She resisted the temptation to try and collected some water bottles to bring to her desk. From experience she knew that she would forget to drink enough once she was caught in her game.

She played for a few hours, enjoying the freedom of just peeing into her jeans whenever the need arose while her team members regularly excused themselves to visit the bathroom. She lost count of how many times she wet herself and before she knew, midnight was over. Yawning, she let go of a last bladderfull of pee, quit her game and mopped up the huge puddle on the tiled floor under her desk. She gulped down one last bottle of water, put on her pyjamas and went to bed.

This time, she was determined not to give in. She would not get up, she would wet that bed even if her bladder would explode. Even though she did not feel any need to pee right now, Monica laid on her back and relaxed. As expected, nothing happened, but she started feeling slightly dizzy and slowly her sense of touch weakened. It felt like the weight of her body decreased, like she floated in mid-air. Again and again she concentrated on her pelvic floor muscles relaxing. As far as she could feel, they did, but nothing else happened besides the world getting lighter every minute.

After some time, the pressure in her bladder built up, making the feeling more uncomfortable. Monica tried to take a shortcut by contracting her stomach to put more pressure on her bladder. This did not help, however, but the trance-like feeling was gone.

Monica went back to just relaxing, calmly breathing in and out. She noticed that her breathing was connected to her relaxation efforts and she could only truly relax on breathing in, making her hold her breath in a weird way several times. But still no pee would come. Monica tried pressing again, but to no avail. She went back to lying on her back, relaxing and concentrating. That way, Monica went through some cycles, but she noticed that the trance state, the feeling of floating above the mattress came faster the more the painful pressure in her bladder increased. By now, pressing was no longer an option, as it became too painful. When relaxing, however, the pain was still there, but in the trance-like state, it felt good.

She decided to stay in that position and wait. The pain in her bladder increased, but she just couldn’t release it. She was as relaxed as she could be, but some mechanism in her bladder kept her from peeing. The pain increased every second now, but Monica had no intention to do anything about it. She just laid there, enjoying the intense pressure and the feeling of floating above the world.

Then, finally, she felt herself leaking. Some droplets of pee escaped and ran down her pussy, slowly soaking into the bottom of her panties. Again. And Again. The pain stayed, but it still felt good and the feeling of slowly wetting herself just added to the good feeling. Then, she tried again to relax and this time, she felt a steady stream of pee flow into her panties, soaking her pyjama. A small puddle of pee formed under her bum, soaking into the towels. Monica relaxed again and this time, it finally worked. A huge stream flowed out, totally soaking her panties, her pyjamas and her bed, forming a large puddle.

The feeling of pain in her bladder went away, but the euphoric feeling of her pee flowing out in a huge torrent and wetting everything around her was absolutely incredible. Monica peed for ages, with her puddle growing so large that she felt her pyjamas getting wet up to her shoulders. When she finally finished, she could not move. She was totally exhausted, but still felt like heaven. Carefully, Monica moved her hand down to her soaked pyjama pants, feeling the deep liquid puddle all around her. She moved her hand into her panties and carefully caressed her pussy, giving her another blissful sensation. At that moment, she was so aroused that she came from just a few caressing strokes of her submerged pussy.

Totally exhausted, Monica fell back on her back and immediately fell asleep.

Monica woke up only 3 hours later. She needed to pee again and her wet bed was getting cold. The lake beneath her bum had spread out through the towels, making a large portion of her bed evenly wet. The immediate vicinity of her body was warm, but once she moved, everything felt cold. Monica didn’t want to get up or change her bed at this time. She thought about her long walks in cold nights where she just wet herself again when she got cold. When she went out in the winter, she made sure not to pee too much so she had some left for her way home.

This, however, was different. She remembered the past evening, the sensation of floating, the pain, the bliss. The incredible feeling of finally letting go. The warm feeling when the dam broke and pee gushed into her pyjamas. The huge orgasm when she touched herself after she had released the greatest torrent of pee in her life. She longed to repeat this, to feel this firework of emotions again.

But the bed was cold and everything was wet. Monica didn’t want to wait for hours, until her body finally gave in to her desire to wet herself in bed.

After thinking for a while and lazily considering whether it was better to wait for her pee or just getting up and changing her bed, she decided to try. She laid back in the bed where her body had kept the pee-soaked towels warm. She relaxed her muscles and, surprisingly, it worked. A small stream of pee came out, giving Monica a nice warm feeling under her bum. The stream grew stronger. Not the flood from her earlier wetting, but still a sizeable stream that warmed her up and gave her the blissful feeling of wetting her bed. Monica slid her hand into her panties, directly into the stream of pee and tenderly touched her pussy. The sensation almost made her stop peeing, so she moved her hand away and just let the pee flow across her fingers.

After a few moments, Monica regretfully noticed that the flow ebbed down. She forcefully left all valves open, enjoying the feeling of releasing pee into her panties for a little bit longer. A few more squirts came out, but then her bladder was finally empty. Again, the coldness crept up to Monica quickly. Her fresh pee had warmed up her bed a little, but it wasn’t for long. Reluctantly, Monica got up and walked down the dark corridor to get a laundry basket from the bathroom. On the way back to her bedroom, she felt another bit of pee tingling and just released it into her soaking wet pyjamas while collecting the wet bedding.

Pee dripped to the floor, but Monica didn’t care. She’d have to clean the whole flat anyway. While removing the wet sheets, Monica wondered if she really had peed that much in just one go or if she had wet herself again in her sleep. She thought about that, how it felt wetting herself in her sleep, without noticing. She loved wetting herself, but she actually loved doing it, not so much feeling the wetness later. The wetness did feel good sometimes, but the feeling of deliberately letting go was the kick she was after. The wet feeling was a nice reminder of that, as long as her clothes didn’t get too cold. Thinking of that, she noticed that her pyjamas were getting cold and stripped them off, along with her soaked panties.

Naked, she grabbed the other water-tight mattress cover and put it on her bed. A few moments later, she had put on the sheets and pulled her winter duvet from the wardrobe. She quickly slipped back into bed. Back in the warm bed, she regretted that her skin had already dried off while she gently caressed her smooth skin. She found some wetness in her pussy, but didn’t go any further. She was too tired now and quickly fell asleep.

Monica woke up to the sounds of children playing in the street, with the sun already high up. A quick glance to her alarm clock revealed that it was already 11 o’clock. It was Sunday, so sleeping in was not a problem. Monica lolled under her heavy blanket, feeling her smooth naked body and enjoying the warm bed. It took her another 30 minutes to finally pick herself up and get out of bed. Still naked, she went over to the kitchen and made some tea. Then, with the warm cup in her hand, she went to see the mess of last night. Her thoughts went back to the feeling of wetting her bed. She remembered how she had reached that trance-like state and then, right when that feeling was at its peak, she had begun to wet herself, adding to that perfect feeling. She decided that no matter how much cleaning would have to be done, this night had been totally worth it.

Over in the bathroom, Monica grabbed the huge pile of laundry and stuffed it in to the washing machine. She switched on the machine and thought about her plans for the day. For now, there was only one thing that was set for her - that no toilet would be involved. At least until the evening, when she had to prepare for the next day at work, but she put that thought aside for now.

The floor would need some mopping, but that could wait for later - she didn’t want to do it more than once, and more incidents were to be expected. She went back to the kitchen for some breakfast, munching her toast as she scrolled through the news on her phone.

Walking around her flat naked was one of the perks of living alone, but slowly, the tea made its way through her intestines. Monica considered just peeing on the floor, but then decided that it would be a waste of good pee. She put her phone on the counter and walked over to the bedroom to get dressed. She selected a pair of pale pink cotton panties, a white t-shirt and a pair of white jeans. After quickly dressing, she came back to the kitchen, where her second pot of tea was just finished. She poured herself a new cup and continued reading the news.

After half an hour, the need to pee had become uncomfortable and Monica stood up, almost losing a little in the process. She concentrated for a moment, then stood up straight, having regained her grip. Outside, there were still some children playing, who would definitely notice if she went past in wet jeans, so wetting herself outside was difficult. Monica figured that she would be able to hold it for another half hour. There was a wooded area nearby where she would not be disturbed. It would be about 20 minutes to get there, but she figured that it wouldn’t be a problem once she was on her bike and had left the children behind. No one would notice her if she wet herself riding her bike. She just needed some replacement clothes for the way back, since the children would probably still be there when she came back.

Monica quickly grabbed a pair of black jean shorts and stuffed them into a small backpack. She added the rest of her tea in a thermos, two bottles of water and a packet of ready-made sandwiche. Moments later, she was standing in the street with her bike. She could feel the stares of some teenage boys as she swung herself into the saddle, with her tight white jeans leaving very little room for imagination about the shape of her back side. Monica quickly pedalled along the driveway and onto the road. The first few hundred meters went up a steep hill. Monica stood up to get past the strenuous part of the way. With the pressure of the saddle removed, she tried to let go of some pee right away, but her strained muscles didn’t allow it. She continued along the way, reaching the edge of the inhabited area in a few minutes.

The forest was only a few kilometres ahead. Now that the road was level, she could easily ride on. With no-one around, she stood up again, stopped pedalling and relaxed a little. Coasting along, a small trickle of pee escaped from her and soaked the crotch of her jeans. Monica pedalled a few strokes to gain some speed and then continued to release some pee. Every now and then, she looked around to be sure no one could see what she was doing. Wetting herself just felt so good. By the time she arrived at the edge of the of the forest, she peed almost continuously a little stream into her jeans which were already totally soaked. When she sat down, the pee flooded up into her pussy and then flowed down her legs. Monica continued down the forest road, always releasing any pee that arrived in her bladder.

Half an hour later, she arrived at a small thicket in the woods where she could hide her bike. She strolled into the woods beside the road, enjoying the feeling of her tight wet jeans rubbing against her skin. After a few meters, she arrived at a small clearing with soft moss floor, where she sat down for her picnic. Immediately on arrival, she downed one of her water bottles to refill her empty bladder. She poured herself a cup of tea and nibbled on one of her sandwiches. Sitting out in the wild, she enjoyed the feeling of her wet jeans. While she thought about how good it felt, she felt another possibility coming up and released a decent amount of pee into her panties. The flow regrettably subsided after a few moments, but it still felt incredible.

Monica laid back on the soft floor and closed her eyes. As if by itself, her left hand slid down to her jeans, gently stroking her crotch, enjoying the feeling of wet cloth. By force, Monica ejected another small squirt of pee, then started undoing her jeans. She lifted her legs high up in the air to get out of the tight wet pants. Her soaked panties followed only seconds later. There was no pee left Monica’s bladder, but that didn’t matter at the moment. While her left hand went down to her pussy, alternating between big gentle strokes all over herself, tickling her clit and rubbing her insides with two fingers, her right hand grabbed her breasts under her t-shirt. She pressed her breast as hard as she dared as she approached a huge orgasm. The moment she climaxed, another small squirt of pee escaped and spattered onto her shirt.

Monica’s head fell back onto the moss. Not removing her hand from her pussy, Monica released the pee that had built up while she masturbated. The pee splashed into her hand and wet her shirt a little. Monica used her hands to rub some pee onto her breasts. Her nippled hardened and before she knew, another orgasm flowed through her.

Monica laid on her back for a few more minutes, enjoying the afterglow. Then she sat up, drank some more tea and finished her sandwiches. She looked at her watch and remembered that there were some cleaning tasks at home. Looking at her shirt, she regretted not bringing a spare. Her nipples were quite obvious through the damp white cloth. Still, she was quite confident that the wet patches would dry up fast in the warm weather. Fumbling in her bag, she noticed that she had also forgotten to bring a spare pair of panties. She decided against wearing the wet panties under her shorts and pulled them up over her naked butt. They were a lot tighter than she had remembered and if she wasn’t careful, her labia might be visible to the careful observer. Even then, she put on quite a view.

Drinking her remaining water bottle and packing her things, Monica decided to take the longer route around the forest. The weather was still warm and she was not really in a mood to take on the cleaning right away. She walked back to her bicycle and hopped on. The longer route was about 20 kilometres, which would not be a challenge for her. Halfway through that distance however, Monica remembered the kids in the street and especially the teenage boys and the stares on her back when she had left. The building pressure in her bladder felt good, but she was not quite comfortable meeting anyone in wet shorts. Her shorts were black, so they should not show much, but as tight as they were, adolescent boys would surely pay very close attention to them. Monica decided not to take a chance. The remaining route was not too far and she felt that she could make it without wetting herself.

Twenty Minutes later, she regretted that decision. Her bladder was aching and screamed for release. Monica wanted to let go, feel the pee gush out of her, tickle down her legs, but she definitely didn’t want to be caught, so she held it. A few minutes later, she realised that this would not work out. Standing up on her pedals to get up a small hill, she felt some squirts escape, wetting the crotch of her shorts. She clenched her muscles and held it back once more. She looked down at her crotch, but to her relief could not see anything. At the next hill, another big squirt got out, completely soaking her pants. There was just too little fabric on those shorts, and the first drops fell on the floor. Monica’s thoughts raced. Should she just get off, get into the bushes and pee? Was there any way she could make it home?

Monica looked down at her crotch. The black fabric showed no stains, only the glistening of the wetness was visible. To her, that was very visible and when the next squirt escaped, Monica decided that it would not get any worse. Monica released the flood gates and pee exploded into and out of her shorts, even though she hadn’t bothered to stand up. Fortunately, no-one was around to see the waterfall that came out of her pants, splashed down her saddle, trickled down her legs and into her shoes. 

The combination of wetting herself, the tightness of the shorts, and the pressure of the saddle triggered another huge orgasm, almost sending Monica flying into the dirt. When Monica stopped peeing, the first houses of her town had come into view. Minutes later, Monica rode down the driveway, which was fortunately empty. She jumped off her bike and put it back to the cellar. Her wet shoes left very distinctive patterns on the floor, but she got back into her flat unseen. At the moment she closed her door, Monica released her pee with a sigh of relief. For ages, pee splashed down from her shorts, forming a huge puddle in the corridor and into her shoes.

Outside, Monica could hear the children returning. For a moment, she imagined the view she’d given them if they had been there. Imagining her butt in ultra-tight shorts soaked in pee, she felt even more aroused than from peeing alone. She laid down in her puddle and soaked her white shirt while kicking off her shoes, then pulled down her soaked shorts. Her left hand was in her pussy in a flash while her right hand fumbled her breasts through her sopping wet t-shirt. She stroked her pussy hard, cumming to the thought of her narrowly escaping a really tight situation.

When Monica came to her senses, the sun was sinking. She stripped of the rest of her clothes, handled the laundry and did a quick clean of her flat. When she was finished, it was dark outside. She switched off the lights and in the cover of the night, slipped out onto her balcony naked. She sat down on a lawn chair, relaxed and released a last big pee that she spread around her whole body with her hands. She idly stroked her soaked pussy for a while, until a slight breeze made her feel cold.

She got back in and slipped directly into bed, where she put a hand to her pussy and enjoyed the last droplets of pee that slowly dried up. After a few minutes, Monica finally fell asleep after a satisfying and very wet weekend.

