A Inconvenient Entanglement

Author: Noface

*000*2020-10-21 10:49

Prologue I

Jean sat idly typing away on the keyboard of the cyclopean computer in front of her, slowly sipping her iced tea in an attempt to cool herself down. The combination of heat being expelled from the running equipment and a heavy labcoat made her feel uncomfortably warm in contrast to the light snow flurry outside the sterile walls of the laboratory building. She brushed her auburn hair out from in front of her face, pulling it back into a ponytail. The sound of a familiar voice pierced her concentration. "Still have your face glued in the screen, huh? We should probably be out of here soon, the university wants all the buildings closed off by 10 tonight. They are the one's paying for our little experiment after all."

Jean motioned for the blonde haired woman standing behind her to come over and look at the screen. "Ashley, come over here. I think i found the frequency we're looking for. I'm going to test it before i leave."

Ashley walked over to the now furiously typing Jean to see the screen. She put her hand to her chin before speaking. "That looks an awful lot like the one that caused a short and fried the power for the whole building last time we fired this thing up. Besides, we should really wait for Donovan to be here. He won't be happy if he knows you're doing things under his nose... again."

"Donovan, Donovan!" Jean growled. "That bastard took most of the credit for the paper that got us the funding for this, a paper i did most of the math for, mind you. I'll be damned if i let him take credit for any more of my work."

Ashley put her fingers to her temples. "Listen, it's late. We need to be out of here in 30 minutes. Lets just wait and check the math tomorrow. Besides you should get home, see Ja..." Ashley's eyes got wide as she caught herself in what she just said. Jean abruptly stopped typing. "I'm sorry!" Ashley said. "I forgot about Jack-"

Jean interrupted. "Forgot that Jack was screwing some dumb bimbo behind my back? I almost did too, thank you very much for reminding me!" Jean said with a sarcastic edge as she returned to her typing. She stood up and opened the door leading into a room behind a window in front of the computer she was working at. "I don't think you're understanding this Ash, we could be seconds away from rewriting all of quantum mechanics." She placed two small rods of quartz into two champers on opposite sides of the small, otherwise empty room. "Linking two objects on the quantum level, sharing energy, information, everything across infinite distance. I could end up in the history books for this." She raised the back of her hand, extending her middle finger, towards a portrait of a man with black hair and a goatee. "I don't want to let Donovan end up there instead of me."

"Hey, at least you would be the subject of a documentary about underappreciated female scientists 60 years from now." Ashley said with a awkward laugh.

"Yes, thats more than enough." Jean said, rolling her eyes. She walked back into the larger room and shut the metal door behind her before sitting back down at the computer,

"Hey, hey, it was just a joke. Listen, just sleep on this, you might catch a problem. I don't want to get chewed out again-"

"What was that? Sorry, I can't hear you over the sound of destiny calling!" Jean yelled before hitting one final key on the computer.

Sparks of lightning shot from the two chambers in the machine. Jean smiled widely as a blue light filled the room. "Ha! Look at these readings, i told you this would work!" She stared down at the screen as the two rods began to vibrate in synchronicity.

The sound of warning alarms filled the room. Ashley stepped back. "Somethings wrong, shut it down and get out of here!" Ashley yelled.

Jean looked at the brilliant azure light emanating from the chamber. A bolt of blue electricity beamed from the chamber, penetrating the radiation shielding glass, and striking her directly. Jean fell to the ground as the world went back.

"Jean? Jean!" Ashley yelled. "Oh God, i think her heart stopped! I need to call a doctor! I need too- I need too_" Ashley said as she started to hyper ventilate.

Jean slowly sat up from the ground. "Shut up, you're making my headache 10,000,000% worse." Jean groaned. Her vision split for a second, showing three identical copies of everything in the room, save for Ashley, who's copies differed slightly, having one with pastel clothing and another with a denim skirt instead of her usual pants, and the paining of Donovan which looked the same in one copy while having a picture of a woman that looked like Jean in another. Before she could process anything, her vision returned to normal. "I think that hit me harder than i thought." She said before standing up.

"Oh thank God, i thought you where dead." Ashley said before pulling Jean into a hug. "Don't scare me that way again!"

"I'll try not to piss off Zeus again" she said with a chuckle, being interrupted by her pounding headache. "More importantly, how's the computer... and why are all the lights off?" she asked looking around. "I tripped the breakers again, didn't I?"

"I hope that's all. But we need to get you to the hospital, who knows what that freaky blue lightning did to you."

"Relax, i feel fine, just a little light headed. I just need to sleep it off." Jean said. She started towards the door before feeling a strong and previously unnoticed pang in her abdomen. Her knees clasp tightly together as she suddenly became aware of a need she wasn't aware of a few moments ago. "Damn, near death experiences take a number of you old girl." she thought to herself. She contemplated walking to the restroom before Ashley chimed in.

"At least let me drive you home, and promise to go to the hospital if you feel bad."

Jean adjusted her stance and nodded. "Sure, i don't feel like walking back now anyway."

The two of the shuffled down to Ashley's car and began the five minute drive back to her apartment. She shakily sad down in the seat, letting her arms fall limp as she leaned back. Her needs began growing uncomfortably quickly. feeling a sudden desire to shove her hands between her legs. "Did that shock weaken my muscles or something? Should be temporary but it's weird." She thought to herself in a mixture of concern and scientific curiosity. Ashley pulled into the parking lot of Jean's apartment building. Before Ashley could say anything, Jean shot up and out the door. "See you later Ash, thanks for the ride!" Jean ran up to the door of the building and hastily swiped her card before running in.

She turned at the elevator and ran to the lobby's bathroom. After she walked in, her head began to pound furiously again. Her vision split again, turning some of the stalls into changing tables and others into what she though were urinals. "What the fu..." She thought to herself as her body shivered. She was snapped out of her daze by a slight feeling of warm dampness growing between her legs. "OH MAN!" she squealed before shoving her hands between her legs, causing her slightly damp panties to press up against her womanhood. "Did i just piss myself?!" She thought to herself, looking down to inspect the damage. She saw a small, almost unnoticeable dark spot on her pants. "I hope no one sees that before i go up to my room."

She regained her strength as her split vision returned to normal. She removed her hands from between her legs and hastily walked to the nearest stall. She yanked down her pants and underwear and slammed down on the toilet seat before releasing a torrent into the bowel beneath her. "I really need to stop putting this off when i'm working." She thought t herself.

Having rectified her situation, she ran up to the elevator and road it to her room on the 7th floor. She walked in and pealed off her clothes after locking the door. She climbed into her empty king sized bead and stared over to the top drawer of her nightstand. "Well..." she said as she opened the drawer "at least i can use one of these without him giving me that stupid look of his." She said, pulling out a vibrator from the drawer. She turned it on, moving it past her waist just as her head began to bang again. "Not again, maybe i should go to the doctor..."

Prologue II

Jean sat idly typing away on the keyboard of the cyclopean computer in front of her, chugging a beer in an attempt to cool herself down. The combination of heat being expelled from the running equipment and a heavy labcoat made her feel uncomfortably warm in contrast to the light snow flurry outside the sterile walls of the laboratory building. She pull her shoulder length her auburn hair out from in front of her face, pushing it back behind her. The sound of a familiar voice pierced her concentration. "Looking up porn on the job huh, just because no one else is here at this hour, doesn't mean you should do it." A blonde haired woman in a skirt and lab coat joked with a chuckle.

The quip brought back embarrassing memories of the time Jean was caught looking at porn in the library computer after working all night on a project. "Oh shut up cunt, remember i'm technically your boss." Jean quipped back.

"Keep telling yourself that, the only one that treats you like you're in charge in Donovan." The blonde woman said as she walked over to the screen.

"Well, maybe i should kick you and give him your job Ashley."

"Ha, replace me with that dumb stud, you're hilarious." Ashley joked, looking down at the screen. "By the way, the bean counters at the university told me to tell you to leave for the night. They want to shut up all the buildings soon."

"But i'm sooo close!" Jean yelled. "I found the code that'll do it, i know it."

"Is this like all the other times you found the code?"

"Nothing at all like those, thank you. I'll do it tonight. I know it." Jean said, placing two quartz rods into separate chambers inside a room behind the computer.

"Shouldn't you just wait, we need to leave soon. Besides that math looks a little... shaky. Maybe you should sleep on this? Besides, don't you think Jacky boy will get lonely? I swear if i had a boyfriend with a jaw line like that i wouldn't be staying late at work." Ashley said looking up from the computer.

Jean slammed the metal door behind her before walking over to the computer. "Did i touch a nerve?" Ashley asked.

"I found out yesterday that he was cheating on me so i kicked him out." Jean growled.

"Oh... Sorry, i didn't-"

"I don't want to talk about it, help me fire this thing up. This is going to be one for the history books." Jean yelled as she typed in a final line of code. As Ashley pulled a leaver on the other side of the room, sparks of lightning erupted from the twin chambers, filling the room with a deep red glow. The two began celebrating as the readings from the two rods began to synchronize. "I told you it was going to work!" Jean yelled. As she started recording the readings from the experiment, a warning alarm began to sound. Jean started frantically typing away. "What the fuck?"

Ashley stepped back. "It's gonna blow, get down!"

Jean looked into the chamber as a bolt of Crimson lightning erupted out towards her, striking her, knocking her several feet back and to the ground.

"Jean? Jean! This isn't funny, get up!" Ashley yelled, picking Jean's seemingly lifeless body up from the ground. "We've got to get you to the hospital."

"I'm.... I'm fine." Jean said, stepping away from Ashley. "Uggg, my head. I feel like i was hit by a fucking Sam truck."

"Don't scare me like that again Jean! I though you fucking died." Ashley yelled.

"Just a little static discharge." Jean said, shaking her head. Her vision seemed to momentarily distort and split, replacing the picture of herself she had on the wall with a portrait of one of their assistants Donovan and splitting Ashley into three copies, one with pants and another with a almost childish pastel outfit. "The fuck?" she asked to herself before her vision returned to normal.

"You want to go to this hospital?" Ashley asked.

"No, the only medicine i need is served out of a shaker, want to stop at AJ's? It's on both our way's home." Jean asked, wrapping a scarf around her neck.

Ashley shook her head for a moment. "Only you would want to get drunk after being struck by lightning." Ashley quipped.

"So you don't want to get sloshed?" Jean asked

"Fuck no, of course i want to go for a drink, but i wasn't the one struck by fucking lightning." Ashley said, replacing her lab coat with a normal winter coat.

The two of them walked out into the winter cold, departing on a short walk to the nearest bar. AJ's, a bar known for being the closest bar to a college, and for little else. They stormed into the nearly empty bar and sat down in their usual seats. They's become a bit of a fixture by this point, coming in nearly every weekday at around this time, usually complaining about something or sharing ideas. The bar tender Rebekah strolled around to them. "Let me guess, hurricane and a bloody marten?" She asked.

"Something harder, i don't want to remember the last 37 hours." Jean said.

The two of them sat their for the next half an hour, swamping stories, immature jokes, and more than a few complains about men. "I tell you" Jean said before hiccuping "I don't know what he expected. He wanted more commitment? Really? I wasn't hunting for side dick or anything! It was him or nothin! It didn't mater if he wasn't in the mood or something, i did my part!" She yelled swinging her empty glass around. "Fill her up again!"

"I don't know, men are fucking... gay right?" Ashley said with a laugh. "They're, like, so confusing. Sometime i wish i was a lesbian, then i wouldn't have to deal with their bullshit!"

"Yeah!" Jean said. "That'd be awesome! Except for the whole fucking chicks part, but everything else sounds great!

"Yeah, how the fuck does that even work? Like do they just..." Ashley clapped her hands together and rubbed them up and down with a laugh.

"Yeah. FUCK MEN! wait... DON'T FUCK MEN!" Jean yelled

Rebekah gestured at the two of them. "I'm cutting both of you off now, go home."

"Fuck you, cunt!" Jean yelled. "I decide when i've had enough! And i haven't had enough yet! More Boooooze!" Jean yelled.

Ashley grabbed her shoulder. "Nah, nah, we should go Jean. it's late and i'm sleepy."

"Fine, but i'm gonna get... Twice as drunker tomorrow!" Jean said as she stumbled outside.

The two of them stumbled their way down the street towards their respective homes as Jean felt a nagging feeling between her legs. Jean stopped and set her hand on a tree before making sure the streets were empty and turning away from the road. "Hold on, i need to piss." Jean pulled the front of her skirt up, revealing a tight fitting pair of panties with a slit in the front that was buttoned closed. She undid the button with her free hand while her other hand supported her weight against the tree. She moved her fingers into a V shape in front of her slit and spread her legs before sighing and releasing a clear stream onto the tree. "Ahhhhh..." She looked over her shoulder to see that Ashley was doing the same thing on the side of a nearby building. Her head hurt for a second, causing Ashley to appear in threes again, one that was squating, and another that looked almost like she was wearing a-

Her focus was broken, causing her hand to move, splashing her dying stream on her panties and her left stocking. "Fuck!" she shouted, abruptly stopping her stream.

Her vision returned to normal. "Did you just piss yourself!" Ashley said with a laugh.

"Shut up cunt!" Jean said as she walked towards her apartment. A short journey plagued by minor headaches lead her back to her apartment. She road the elvator up to her apartment, rushing through the door hoping that no one would see her. Jean pealed all of her clothes off and jumped into bed. She pulled her laptop into bed and turned it on, opening a incognito window. "I still don't know why i bother with these, it's not like anyone will check my search history." She surfed through video's for a few minutes, slowly massaging herself underneath her blanket. As she landed on a video of a man in a nurse uniform being pinned down by a woman playing the role of a escaped mental patient, her head started to throb again. "Uggg, i feel tired all of a sudden..."

Prologue III... coming sometime later this week.

And yes, the fact that they both get clam jammed is a joke about prologues not having a climax.

*001*2020-10-22 05:22

Prologue III

Jean sat idly typing away on the keyboard of the cyclopean computer in front of her, taking occasional gulps from a carton of apple juice in an attempt to cool herself down. The combination of heat being expelled from the running equipment and a heavy labcoat made her feel uncomfortably warm in contrast to the light snow flurry outside the sterile walls of the laboratory building. She pushed one of her twin ponytails over her shoulder, letting it hang behind her back. The sound of a familiar voice pierced her concentration. "You’re still working on that?” Asked a blonde haired woman wearing a pastel pink pink shirt with a pair of overalls under a what lab coat behind her. “Donovan left an hour ago. You know he doesn’t like us doing too much when he can’t check our work.”

“I know, but he’ll be ok with it. I know as much about this as he does. I want to have a successful test before he comes in again.” Jean said, rubbing her knees together subconsciously. Fidgeting her legs up and down.

Ashley’s sounded a small buzzing noise. She looked down and tapped a button to silence it. “Remind me to go to the washroom before we leave if I forget.” She remarked.

Jean looked up from the computer console. “What? Why?” If you need a change, just go now.” She said with a confused expression.

“No, I don’t need a change. I’ve been trying a potty training guide I found online. Some of my friends from are doing it.” Ashley said as she returned her phone to the pocket of her lab coat. “Part of it says that I need to go tinkle every 2 hours whether I need to or not.”

”That sounds like a pain.” Jean said, taking another long drink from her box of juice. “Besides, Does it even work.”

”Yeah” Ashley said enthusiastically. “It was a little rocky at first, but I’ve only needed a change at work once this week. My reminder sounded during lunch and I ignored for a little too long. Speaking of which, how long has it been since you had a change?”

”About...” Jean trailed off. “4, 5 hours. Jack likes to change me himself when I get home from work so I like to hold off on changing unless I need too at the end of the day.”

Ashley sighed. “I wish I had a boyfriend like that, it’s part of why i’m doing this. Changing myself all the time gets a little depressing.”

Jean typed in the last few lines of code for her program, excitingly exclaiming “Eureka!” She motioned for Ashley to come to her. “I think I’ve got it! Come over here.”

Ashley leaned over to look at the screen. “Are you sure? I don’t think we should be doing this without Donovan here. We might be in over our head all by ourselves.”

Jean stood up and walked over to a metal door near the computer, leading into a small room behind it. “It’ll be fine, what’s the worst that can happen?” She placed two quartz rods into chambers on alternate sides of the room before leaving the room and closing the door behind her. She walked over to the computer and typed the last few lines of code into the machine, ordering it to activate. “Besides, this is gonna be fun!” She smiled before striking the enter key

Ashley stepped back, drawing her hands closer to her body. “I’ve got a bad feeling about this.”

The two chambers shot sparks of lightning between them, filling the room with a bright green light. The room filled with screeching alarms. “What’s that noise!” Ashley yelled, covering her ears. A blast of verdant lightning shot through the glass, striking Jean and sending her flying back.

“Jean? Jean!” Ashley yelled. “Oh no, oh no, oh no! Please be ok! I knew we shouldn't have done this alone! Wake up!” She yelled with tear filled eyes.

Jean sat up, rubbing her eyes. “I’m ok, just a little woozy.” Her vision blurred, showing three copies of everything in her line of sight, shifting slightly between iterations. Her focus was broke as her hand landed on something damp. She looked over to see that it had found a yellow puddle, sitting below a small dark spot on Ashley’s coveralls.

”I- I’m sorry. You scared me and I... I just couldn’t hold it anymore. It just sort of... I THOUGHT YOU WERE DEAAAAD!” Ashley yelled as she broke down in tears and pulled Jean into a hug. “You’re my best friend Jean, stop scaring me like that!”

”Stop, you’ll get my skirt wet.” Jean said, looking down to see that a need she had hardly noticed before had rectified itself in the moment she was knocked out. Her diaper had overflown, leaving a small dark patch on the back of her pink skirt. “Oh no... Jack is gonna be mad at me again.” Jean said as her face twisted into a frown.

”He’ll be fine, let’s get you changed... and me too.” Ashley said, whipping tears from her eyes.

”Oh, right. Do you mind if I borrow one of yours, I ran out of diapers today.” Jean said with a embarrassed look on her face.

”I was hoping I could borrow one of yours!” Ashley said as her face turned redder than before. “I haven’t been needing a change during the day lately so I just slipped on one of those small diapers and came without a backup.”

”You mean we have to waddle home like this?” Jean yelled. “And the dang vending machine in the bathroom is empty.”

”At least it’s late...” Ashley sighed. The two left on the short walk towards home, the cold winter air chilling them through their damp clothes. The two tried to walk normally despite the damp bulge between their legs.

Jean turned towards her apartment, waving goodbye to Ashley. “See you later Ash.” She said with a frown, not looking forward to seeing Jack’s reaction. She hastily walked up to the elevator, hoping to avoid anyone else seeing the, now far more noticeable damp spot on the back of her skirt. It would hardly be the first time someone had seen a woman with a diaper that had overflown making a walk of shame home because she a man taking care of her forgot to bring a change, but it’s not someone one wants to be seen doing, especially someone with a important job like hers. Women in her position are expected to be able to handle changing themselves, or at least recognizing when they should be changed to avoid this sort of thing.

She got off the elevator and unlocked the door to the apartment she shared with her boyfriend Jack. She walked in and saw him sitting on the couch with one of the many drink she wasn’t allowed to drink without permission. “Hey hunny...” she said with a smile.

”Hey, you’re getting home late.” The brown haired man said, getting up from his seat. “What took so long.”

”I’m sorry, I was working late, and Ash wanted to walk home.” She said, slowly making her way towards the bedroom, trying to hide the back of her skirt from him. As she started to back up, her head started pounding again. Her vision split, showing everything in the room in triplicate, save for Jack, who remained the only thing unchanged in the room. Jean grabbed her head and leaned against the wall.

”Don’t worry babe, I was just wanting to have a little fun tonight.” Jack said with a grin.

”Oh do you mean playing a board game or the other kind of fun.” Jean said with a happy expression. “It’s been a while since we did that. You haven’t been in the mood lately.” She said with a blush. “Just let me change first and I’ll-“ she said trying to back away before Jack interrupted.

”Oh don’t worry about it, I’ll take care of that.” He said wrapping his arm around her back. He pulled her into him, pushing the bulge in his pants gently against her stomach. He ran his hand down the length of her back. “I know you like it when I-“ he stopped speaking when his hand found a cold damp patch on her skirt. He glared down at her with a judgmental stare.

Jean averted her gaze, looking down to try and avoid eye contact. “Did you let your diaper leak again Jean?”

”No!” She exclaimed. “I- I fell into a puddle on the walk home and-“

“Don't lie to me.” He said with the same judgmental look. “I’m I going to have to start coming to your job and-“

”No!” Jean yelled. “I can handle it myself! This is the first time that happened in 3 months!”

”Stop yelling already.” She said to her. “Fine I won’t, but stop letting this happen. Paying for your clothes comes out of your paycheck so you could care about it more than me.” He sighed.

Jean’s eye’s started to tear up slightly. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean for it to happen.”

”It’s ok, now let’s clean you up.” He lead her into their bedroom before she sit down on her side of the bed, which had been covered with an absorbent sheet that doubled as a changing table of sorts. He stripped off her skirt and diaper while she took off her shirt and bra. He cleaned off her shaved slit and but with a baby wipe before pulling out a new diaper from the drawer next to them.

Jean looked over to see that his bulge still remained as pronounced as before. “Hey, do you still want to do it tonight? It’s been a while and I was wanting to do it again.”

Jack looked down at her. “Just don’t pee on me again.” He said, pulling his pants and boxers down to his knees.

Jean’s face turned into a pout. “I only did that once!” She said, parting her legs farther as she leaned back. He thrust into her, causing her body to quiver. He kept thrust for the next few minutes as Jean’s breath began to quicken. “I’ve missed this... I- I’m-“ She was cut off by Jack grunting loudly. He pulled his length and it of her, shortly before spraying his seed across her stomach.

”Sorry about the mess, he said as he wiped her stomach off before putting a clean diaper on her. He pulled pants and underwear up before walking towards the door.

”Where are you going?” Jean asked with a disappointed expression.

”Over to Stacy’s. She’s still single so she needs help with some things, so I promised I’d come over and help some more.” He said as he unlocked the front door.

”But you went over last night. And you always stay so for so long. Don’t you think you should-“ Her speech was cut off by the sound of the door slamming. She sighed and pulled the blanket over over chest. “He’s just helping her, he has to be.” She said to herself. She tossed and turned for the best few minutes, her checks still flush. “I wish he wouldn’t do that. He gets me all worked up and stops before i’m done.” Her hand moved down towards the waistband of her diaper. “I know I shouldn’t but... it’s his damn fault. You can’t get a girl like this and leave her.” She whispered to herself as she laid her hand into her diaper before a sudden agonizing headache hit her. “Owww. Maybe that lightning did more than I thou...”
