A Inconvenient Entanglement

Author: Noface

*004*2020-10-23 07:55

{{9 hours ago, brucejedi said:

Such an amazing premise! I wonder if diaper-land Jean will find herself in normal world, suddenly wearing underwear and expected to use a toilet for the first time in her life. Maybe normal-world Jean will find herself in urinal land, suddenly expected to do all her peeing standing up (lots of messy scenes could ensue...). Maybe urinal-land Jean will wake in diaper world, wondering why she's suddenly wearing one. (And how will her pee-standing skills fare without accessible urinals or female flies?) So many endless possibilities...

}}

I find it funny that you predicted the exact swaps i had planned. I'm still experimenting with formatting on this one. I think i'll be writing a few chapters with shifting perspectives, with a couple focusing on one character or swapping between two instead of all three. The first two or three will probably have some mix and matched formatting until i figure it out.

Awakening Pt 1

Jean slowly rose from her pillow, her head still pounding from last night's accident. She looked to the window to see that the sky was barely turning blue. Her vision split into three again for a brief moment before returning to normalcy, as if a fog had lifted from her mind. "Uhhh." Jean groaned. "Why do i feel hungover all of a sudden? I mean it's better than i felt before bed last night, but i feel worse than i did after my 21st birthday party. Was i sleep drinking or something..." Her thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a deep, masculine voice squealing while a voice that sounded like a woman moaned and grunted it's way through a monologue with some porn tier writing.

She looked over to see that a lap top had been left to play, apparently over night, and had cycled through over thirty episodes of poorly produced erotica. Jean rubbed her head as she felt a odd and unfounded desire to close it quickly before anyone saw it. "Did... Did i fall asleep to this?! I don't even remember pulling out my laptop last night, let alone looking up anything this hardcore!" She though to herself before Xing out of the web page and slamming the computer closed. "Come to think of it, i don't remember much of last night. All i remember was collapsing in bed, pulling out my little magic wand and..." Her headache returned briefly, bringing back shadowy memories of dreaming in triplicate, unsatisfying sex, and pissing contests.

She shook her head and checked her phone, dismissing everything as a side effect of overworking and relatively minor electrocution. She grabbed her phone from the nightstand and checked for messages. She looked down to see that she had three messages, two from Donovan, and one from Ashley. "Great, can't want to be chewed out." She pulled up her message list.

Curiously, the messages from Donovan had distorted and discolored text, showing red and green respectively, though having duplicate messages all the same. "The university had a power outage. For safety reasons, we've been told to stay away from the lab until they get power running again. Don't bother coming today."

"Well, sounds like they don't know about the little mishap last night, with any luck it'll stay that way." She said to herself before scrolling down to check the message from Ashley.

"Hey, power in the whole university got knocked out. I don't think they know it was us, got tracked down to somewhere else apparently. But they told me to let you know that they want to talk to you about it when the power is up again, should be early tomorrow morning. With any luck that little power surge will stay a mystery."

"Why do they want to talk to me? Hmm, maybe i'm finally getting some recognition around here." She said to herself. She began typing a response to one of the two messages sent from Donovan to thank him for letting her know, if only as a professional courtesy. The phone returned an error message, saying that he was out of range. She furrowed her brow and tried with the other garbled message, receiving a similar result. She shrugged and set it down, writing it off as him being in a tunnel. She walked over to her wardrobe, thinking that it was probably time she put on some clothes and went outside, remembering how she was nearly out of groceries.

She pulled up her top drawer, too see a large selection of plain white and block colored bras, having more in common with the design of sports bras than her normal lacy affair. They lacked hooks and any form of cosmetic decoration save for a bit of padding to slightly exaggerate the wearers bust size, instead having elastic that allowed her to slip it on over her head easily. She looked at them curiously, digging through 20 or more pairs without finding anything that looked familiar.

"Welp, when you stop recognizing your own underwear, its time to do laundry. Better pick up some detergent," She slid one of the strange bras on over her head, fitting it on comfortably. She opened the lower drawer to see a equal amount of black and white panties, again lacking any form of ornamentation, save for a slit in the middle of the front, which she assumed was meant to allow for sex without pulling your panties down, even if the lack of lace and decoration was odd on a pair of gimmicky sexy underwear, "I reeeealy need to do laundry."

She hastily put on her clothes and poured herself a tumbler full of coffee before pulling out of her parking lot. She drove down the highway leading to the nearest Walmart, chugging her coffee in an attempt to drive off the hangover that lightning had somehow caused. Around half a tumbler of coffee and 10 minutes later, she ran into a grouping of cars that had come to a stop on the highway. "Dammit a traffic jam, this early in the morning?!" She brought her car to a stop before looking out the window. Her eyes met with a sign of a shirtless man drinking a energy drink. "Huh, last i remember that sign was some super model in a bikini. I mean i appreciate that they're trying to pander to women too but its surprising." She said before taking the last sip of her coffee.

She sat in traffic for the next 30 minutes, noticing a slight discomfort growing in her bladder. "Uggg, you'd think i'd learn after last night to take a piss before i leave for somewhere. I hope this doesn't take too long." She looked around her car in boredom as she slowly inched along, tapping her foot against the floorboard. She looked down on the right side of her car to see a Gatorade bottle filled to the brim with a distinctive yellow fluid. "Oh damnit Jack, i told that bastard to stop leaving his piss bottles in my car. I gave him the kick and i'm still finding his shit- piss everywhere. The toilet seat was even up when i left, i don't know how that even happened." She sat in the car for the next 15 minutes before the cars finally started moving again. She drove past a overturned tractor trailer before turning off the highway to drive towards the supermarket.

She pulled into the parking low and stepped out of her car, locking it before walking towards the doors. Her need for the bathroom had reached the point where it was noticeable, but not so much that she felt desperate or afraid that she wouldn't make it. She was confident at least that the weakening she felt yesterday wasn't long lasting, in fact she almost felt more assured in her ability to hold it for longer than she normally would be. Briefly contemplating waiting until she got home before her memory of last night told her that it was a bad idea. She made a quick turn towards the restroom after walking through the doors of the building. She walked into the women's room, but stopped shortly afterwards once she saw a line of urinals with unusually long based jutting out of the wall across from a line of stalls. She froze for a second. "Did, did i just walk into the men's room. Ok just need to walk out quickly before anyone see-"

Her thoughts stopped as a short girl, looking about 7 or 8 years old, ran past her, followed by a slightly older girl looking like she was a year or two shy of being a teenager. "Oh man, oh man." Jean heard the younger girl wispier to herself as she pulled a small piece of cardboard with red and back designs out of her pants pocket, pushing on its sides to turn it into some kind of cone or funnel. She unzipped her pants and shoved the large end of the funnel into her fly before sighing in what sounded like relief, followed by a clear stream flowing out the smaller end into a urinal.

"Ha, i won." The older girl said, pulling the front of her skirt up to her waist and moving both hands around under it before a similar stream shot into the Urinal in front of her. "And you even use one of those, you wear diapers too?"

"Shut up, that was a stupid dare anyway. You only drunk a medium."

Jean slowly backed out of the bathroom, rubbing her eyes and looking up to confirm that she had, indeed, been in the women's room and that those girl's likely weren't cross dressing short people. "Something is very wrong." She thought to herself. She walked deeper into the store, seeing more signs of things having shifted, Mostly dads doing grocery shopping, men being sexuaised in advertising, woman as the protagonists pictured on almost every bit of media she saw, more of them that was familiar being action movies. She even found a copy of Fifty Shades of Grey where the roles had very clearly been reversed.

She eventually found her way to the health isle and came across a small selection of boxes containing between 10 and 50 of those small paper funnels, most of them being branded with gender bent versions of super heroes or action movie protagonists she was familiar with. She stared blankly for a moment before someone she heard someone speak. "You start teaching your daughter?" Jean looked over to see a woman wearing a store uniform. "I did too recently. She's still a little shaky on her aim, so i got her some of these." Before Jean could speak, the woman walked closer.

"Listen, i know it seems a little pointless. Hell, my mom wouldn't let me wear pants for a solid year when i was that young because i kept making a mess." She said with a laugh that made it sound like that was meant to be relatable. Not wanting to seem out of place, Jean mimicked her laugh. "But trust me, your husband will thank you. Washing pee stains out of a little girl's clothes is not fun. Besides, it's bad for her self esteem to keep making a mess on herself everytime she has to go. She'll learn faster when she's not fucking it up and looking like she wet herself every time she tries in public."

"Oh course." Jean said absentmindedly. Her scientific had successfully been aroused. She was curious to learn more about what exactly had transpired last night and why things had shifted so much. But first, some part of her wanted too see exactly what this was all about. "But do you have anything less... Juvenile?" She asked looking up at the rack.

"I know, all little girls want to feel cool. Some of them don't want to try these." The woman reached up to grab a pack with a heroine's sidekick by the name of Red Robin, clearly this timeline or universe's equivalent of Damian Wayne, at least that was her best guess. Jean wasn't the biggest fan of Batman, she was more of a MCU fan. Her mind briefly wandered to how those movies had changed before the sales woman passed the package too her. "The DC one's all have comics in them, the kids love it. They work in instructions into the story to try and make them more comfortable using these until they get the hang of things."

Jean thanked her and took the package, noticing that she had conveniently handed her the one with the largest amount in them. She threw them in her basket and finished her shopping before walking out to her car. She opened up the package of funnels she had just bought and read through the back of the box. "These are disposable apparently, though i suppose that's obvious." She had vaguely remembered coming across a add for something like this in her late night web searches, funnels for hikers and women traveling to let them avoid touch dirty toilets or squatting in the woods, though she had never seen anything like this before. She opened the box up and found the small comic at the back of it.

She opened the booklet and leafed though it. The story was hardly anything special, bat woman and her sidekick on patrol. There was some unnotable dialog before Red Robbin started a obvious potty dance with Batwoman taking notice. "No one's around, just go." She said looking though her Binoculars.

"I... I don't want to. I'll just wait till we get back." The sidekick said awkwardly.

"Is this about what happened last week? I put something in your belt for it. Just use that already." She said looking down at her sidekick.

"But... but i... It's ok, i don't need a funnel."

"It'll be a pain to move around with wet spandex, just use it... I had one of those when i was young too. You'll be able to get rid of it soon."

The next few panels were mostly explanations on how to open and use those funnels, with a final shot of Red Robbin peeing off the side of a building with the heroine standing next to her, peeing without one. Jean started to feel like this was some kind of coming of age thing, mothers and daughters bonding by teaching them to pee standing. Just as Jean was beginning to ponder the anthropological implications of this, the nagging need she had been ignoring this whole time began to reassert itself. She shoved her knees together. "Crap!" She said to herself.

She looked over to the store again, not feeling confident in her chances of making it back across the parking lot. She fired up her car and drove across the street to the gas station. She remembered how sparce the stalls in the women's room were and looked down at the package of funnels she had just bought. She decided to shove on into her jacket pocket and ran into the gas station. she ran back to the woman's room, resisting the urge to hold herself. She stormed into the single person bathroom and locked the door behind her. "When will you learn, stop putting this shit off." She whispered to herself.

She looked over to the toilet seat to see that it was covered in piss and who knows what else. She nearly gaged before looking over to see a urinal next to it. She had to remind herself of the last few hours as she walked over to it. "Well, i'm glad i bought these." She though to herself as she hastily unfolded it into a elongated shoe like funnel. She lifted her skirt and began to pull down her panties before noticing the slit in the middle. She seemingly automatically unbuttoned it and slid the large end of the device into it. Her floodgates burst as her bladder began emptying into the funnel, causing a torrent of yellow piss to fall into the urinal below her. "Oh thank god, i felt like i was gonna-"

Her sighs of relief were interrupted by a slight warm dampness near her butt. She realized that some of her pee was flowing backwards into her panties. She clinched herself tightly to stop the flow. She briefly considered waddling over to the toilet before realizing that her bladder would begin voiding again whether she liked it or not. She readjusted the device, pushing the base of it closer to her skin before the flow resumed. She sighed with relief as her bladder slowly emptied.

She looked down to inspect the damage to her panties as she pulled out the apparatus and threw it in the trashcan. "Thankfully, its only a little damp. Shouldn't be too bad." She washed her hands and walked out to her car before driving towards home. As she was pulling out, she heard a notification. She looked down to see it as she pulled onto the interstate, curiously, it had a weird red distortion just like one of the texts she got from Donovan.

"1 new voice memo."

*005*2020-10-24 07:36

Awakening Pt 2

Jean slowly rose from the bead rays of sunlight pierced through her blinds. She rubbed her forehead as she slowly opened her eyes. "Owww. My poor head. I haven't had a headache like this in years." She pulled her left hand out from under the blanket, realizing that she was holding onto something she didn't recognize. A long pink plastic cylinder with a dull pointed end and buttons near the base. "Whats this? I don't remember having this when Jacky put me to bed." She moved her legs around, realizing that a uncomfortable nervous feeling had formed in her abdomen, and weirdly, she lacked the usual padding between her legs she was accustomed too. She threw her comforter off too see that the protective sheet she usually slept on was gone and, more alarmingly, she was missing her diaper. "I thought jack put me in one last night. Oh well, at least i'm dry this morning. That could have ended badly."

She got up and walked to her bathroom, absentmindedly scrolling through her phone notifications while she brushed her teeth. She took notice that her pink musical electric toothbrush had vanished, being replaced with a more standard electric toothbrush like Jack used. She stood their subconsciously fidgeting and bobbing up and down while read though her text messages.

"That's weird? Why did Donovan send me the same message twice? Why is this message from Ashley so distorted? When did i record a memo? I wonder if that experiment yesterday messed up my phone. Maybe i should..." Her thoughts were shocked back to reality as she felt a weak warm trickle falling down her thighs. She quickly dropped her toothbrush in the sink and shot her free hand down between her legs, bringing her knees together to hep stop the flow. "Oopsie." She said to herself. "Better be careful, forgot i didn't have a diaper on. I don't want to be making a mess." Once her leak was under control, she waddled over to the toilet, sitting down to let it continue while she collected her thoughts. "Better finish here, don't want to put a diaper on and soak it immediately."

She looked through her phone for a few more minutes while here bladder emptied itself, taking notice that her search history was full of things she didn't remember looking up. Searches for insanity, various historical events, women's underwear, and a search for "why aren't girls potty trained". She looked curiously at it, thinking about when she would have looked any of this up. She rose up and took a bit of toilet paper to clean herself up, noticing that her pubic hair had seemed to grow wildly over night. "I need to ask Jack to help me shave. Then again he's never good at it, maybe i should just do it myself."

She stood up and walked her way to the kitchen, opening the fridge to grab herself a apple juice. As she walked naked through the apartment, she fantasized about Jack coming home and taking her then and there to make up for his early departure last night. She felt a momentary desire to begin rubbing herself between her legs, stopping herself. "Oh jean stop it, its not his fault he can't do that for very long. You shouldn't be doing this. Just ask him tonight, maybe you'll be as happy as he is. Besides, remember what mom said, men don't girls who touch themselves." She opened the fridge to get herself a apple juice, looking into it with confusion. Some of Jack's beer was there, but most of the drinks were either tea or water. "Ahhh man!" Jean whined as her mouth turned into a pout. "We're out of juice. Better get some today." She grabbed a large bottle of sweet tea and guzzled it down to moisten her dry throat. "Mmmmmm Yummy, this tea is good though."

She grabbed another bottle and took a sip before walking back to the bedroom. She looked into her diaper drawer with confusion and alarm, noticing that her diapers were gone, replaced with what looked like underwear. They were nothing like Jack's, they were frilly and tight, too small for him and didn't look like the sort of thing a man would wear. She dug though every other drawer in the house, hopping to find where she had misplaced them, but only finding some small pads that looked like they wouldn't absorb much in a package referring to periods. "Frick! If this is some prank from Ashley it's not funny! I need to ask Jack to get me some now, and i might leak all over the furniture while i wait... But Jack will get mad, he told me to handle my own diapers from now on! What will i do?!" She nervously looked around, trying to think of what to do.

"Well... i think i just have to go to the store... without a diaper on." She said to herself, mortified at the idea of peeing in her clothes and walking around damp all day until she can get home. She steeled herself, sitting down on the toilet to drain what little pee had accumulated in the last few minutes from her, and stuffed a couple pads into a pair of the new underwear she found.

She remembered what Ashley told her yesterday about her potty training, and things her parent's had done when her brother was being potty trained. She grabbed some towels and a mop bucket, remembering how her little brother always had a training potty near him for car rides. She pulled out her phone again, setting a alarm. "What was it? 2 hours? M-maybe i should set it for 1. Come on Jean, you're a scientist. One of the smartest women in the world. You can stay dry for a car ride, 30 minutes there, 30 minutes inside, 30 minutes back. You've done way harder things. You can do this." She said to herself in an attempt to dispel her nervousness.

She threw on her clothes and the padded underwear before leaving on the fastest route she could calculate to the store. After a short ride, she arrived in the parking lot, getting as close to the doors as possible. She nervously walked out, trying not to let on that she was diaper less. For all the nervous fear, she couldn't help but feel a little excited, like she was cheating life. The kind of naughty excitement she always felt doing something she new that she wasn't suppose to. She looked around at all the people, curiously all the women were dressed weirdly today. She had noticed that most of her cuter clothes most have been dirty, but the only girls that dressed in a way she was use too were children. She also took notice of a couple women in tight pants that lacked any sort of bulge in the rear. "Looks like i'm not the only one who ran out today... or are more women trying to potty train like Ashley now? Something is definitely different than normal."

She walked though the doors and checked her phone after being greeted. "Hmmm, still 20 minutes left before i said that i would go potty. Maybe i should... NO. I'll go now, finish shopping, and then potty again before i go home. I will not get my pants wet again." She said before walking towards the women's changing rooms. While they didn't have many, one or two for most, they usually had a stall for women that needed to poop. She knew that she could use those today until she could get some diapers. She walked through the doors and stopped. The diaper vending machines she was use to were gone.

The benches for changing yourself too. Instead there was a long like of stalls. She double checked that she wasn't in the men's room before walking into the first stall. "I've never seen a changing room like this before." She said to herself as she pulled down her underwear and sat down on the seat. She looked down to check the padding to make sure she hadn't leaked without realizing. "Dry? Yes!" She thought to herself with a smile, forcing a small trickle of urine from her bladder, something she wasn't use to doing intentionally when the need wasn't present. Her short stream came to a halt as she got up, wiping herself with toilet paper before pulling up her underwear and exiting the bathroom.

She felt a burst of confidence and the same naughty excitement she couldn't put a name too but loved so dear. "So this is what potty training feels like! I think i see why Ashley is doing it. I think i'll join her." She thought to herself with a smug smile. "Oh, but Jack might not like it... Oh well, he doesn't have to know. I'll just wet a diaper before i come home in the evening and go potty like the boys do when i'm out." She strolled around the store, taking time to look though everything, picking up juice, candy, and some refrigerator meals, as well as some general essentials.

She eventually made her way back to the health department, looking though the adult diapers. She frowned while she looked though them. "Why are all of these grey and black? Where are the cosmic pattern ones i always get?" She also noticed that all of the ones that were there were thin, smaller than anything she was use too and having more in common with the unnervingly thin one's Ashley wore now. "Something weird is going on." She said to herself, picking out a pack of the only brand that were pink in color.

She began heading towards the checkout when her alarm sounded. "I've been here for an hour already? I should checkout and go to the bathroom before i leave." She stopped in her steps when she saw a display in the electronics department. "Hey, that game looks fun!" She said to herself as she abandoned her buggy and picked up the controller. She played for the next half an hour, replaying the same level trying to reach the end. By the time she had nearly hit the end of the level, she had become extremely uncomfortable, constantly shifting her weight from leg to leg, adjusting her stance and moving her legs closer or farther from each other.

"Gggg, almost. Come on just get the- NO! Come on, come on, I'm almost there. Yes, yes, YES!" She yelled after to beat the first boss of the proper game, ending the demo. "Wooooo Hoooooo! I'm getting that." She threw the game's box in her cart as her body relaxed from the tension of that boss battle. She exhaled as her muscled unteansed. Suddenly, her eyes grew wide and she slammed her knees together, putting both hands between her legs. "Ooops, that was a close one." She thought to herself, realizing that she had just barely avoided a tragedy. She straightened herself back to normal, making sure to keep the rarely used muscled in her pelvis as taught as she could manage. "Ok, game plan. Go potty, check out, go home."

She walked to the bathroom as quickly as she could manage, abandoning her buggy close to the entrance and walking up to see that a short line had formed in front of her. "Oh no!" she said to herself. She slowly walked along, fighting a urge to hold herself. "Jean, you can do this. This is easy. You held it for 8 hours last night. Don't let up and let yourself leak. Keep focused. You can do it." She though to herself, slowly shifting her weight as she walked. She walked along, keeping her full concentration on keeping her muscles tensed to stop a leak from beginning.

After a few minutes, she rammed through the door and ran to the first stall, slamming the door shut as pulled her underwear down before thrusting herself down to the toilet. She exhaled and pushed slightly, freeing a oddly small stream from her body, smaller at least then the one she expelled this morning. "I- I made it! YES YES YES! She though to herself, throwing her fist in the air. "Ha, this potty training thing is easy. I'm practically already done." She said as she pulled her underwear up before walking back out to check out.

She walked out to the car and loaded what she bought into the trunk. She had just began pondering where else she wanted to go with her day off when she looked down to her phone again. The voice memo she saw was still nagging at her. "Maybe i should check this out, it might explain something about this morning."

She clicked on the distorted notification, causing it to play. A familiar voice erupted from the phone's speakers, sounding exactly like Jean's own voice, though quite a bit more volatile. "Ah fucking hell! Something weird is going on. Everything was topsy turvy when i woke up this morning. Iv'e been trying to wrap my head around it. Jack came home acting like nothing happened, worse he was acting like i was crazy for calling him out on what he was up to with that bitch. Of course that wasn't the only problem, all my underwear was gone this morning among... other changes. But to get to the point, ive been seeing duplicate messages and files on my phone, whatever happened must have screwed with it too. This might sound weird, but if anyone is hearing this, record a message too. I've got to get to the bottom of this."

*008*2020-10-25 21:16

{{7 hours ago, Advacardo said:

This is so good! your writing style is amazing and the whole concept has me hooked. I hope this story gets expanded a lot because its one of the best stories i've ever read 🙂

}}

Thanks to everyone who’s been reading this. I’ll admit it that this last one was hard, mostly because Jean green is a oddly hard character to write for. It’s hard to write a character that’s suppose to have a childish mind set without coming off like they’re just a child in a adult’s body. It’s also weird writing for someone who doesn’t know how to recognize when they need to pee, as weird as that sounds.

So far i’m just writing her as not paying attention with her brain just phasing it out and going whenever she feels like, what you saw from green was her barely needing to pee and I her thinking she was about to explode just because she’s never tried to hold it before. It sort of takes a conscious effort for her to not pee whenever she feels an urge. I can tell writing her is going to be a challenge. If anyone has any advice for writing that sort of thing I’d like to hear it.

Red is going to be fun though, you’ll see more of it next time but let’s just say that being in green’s body has a few annoying quirks. Blue was definitely the luckiest of the three though.

{{On 10/24/2020 at 12:45 PM, LittlePunkGirl said:

This is an interesting use of nonlinear perspective and I don't think I've ever seen a framing device quite like this...

}}

Thanks. As weird as it sounds I like to experiment with things when I write smut, even if my grammar tends to suffer from my rushed writing. Three shifting perspectives should be fun to do.

*010*2020-10-26 08:28

{{1 hour ago, brucejedi said:

This story has inspired me to start writing something set in a world similar to green. One thing I'm playing with is the tension between societal expectations and personal psychology. In your case, maybe Jean green isn't as much a child as her world makes her out to be (aside from her incontinence)? Maybe there's some tension there, that then gets played out anew when she enters the blue world.

I like how so far, both Jeans are experiencing early success. We'll see if that continues... (As Luke Skywalker famously put it, "Your overconfidence is your weakness.")

One question I have is the extent to which each Jean inherits physical traits from the body she inhabits. That could lead to some interesting scenes for red, but wouldn't it diminish the wonderful fish-out-of-water dynamic for green and blue? Can't wait to read what happens next!

}}

Thanks. I'm trying to lean into Green's psychological hangups a little bit, you'll see more of that later on. Like how she gets such a kick out of running around without a diaper on, you could see it as being like how a kid likes doing things they aren't suppose too, or you could take it like her being excited by the idea of her doing something people don't think she can or should be able to do. Like her booting up the machine was one part doing something behind someone's back and one part her doing something she knew she could do but everyone thought that she couldn't. At least that's a take on it, but death of the author. As for her being full on incontinent in her universe, i will confirm that she isn't, at least not because of any physical reason. You'll see more of it in this chapter but i just want to clarify that her being in diapers isn't biologically necessary.

Awakening Pt 3

Jean rubbed her temples as she looked down at her phone screen. "That was probably too much to ask. The fact that i'm seeing duplicates of things on my phone doesn't mean anyone else it. It's a leap, but hopefully my hunch is correct." She sighed before throwing a suitcase full of clothes out of the window. She leaned out before looking her head outside. "If i forgot any of your stuff don't bother telling me asshole! And I'll call the cops if you come back, don't forget this place is in my name!" She said as she slammed the window shut.

She heard her phone buzz. Jean looked down to see a notification with a characteristic blue distortion. "1 new Voice Memo." She tapped the message and hit place. "Well, either i went insane, recorded this and just forgot about it, or there really is something fishy going on. When i woke up this morning, everything was out of wack too. It was like the entire planet went full rule 63. I'm going to go out on a limb and say that this was because of that experiment I... or rather we, did last night. From what I've gathered you must have had some kind of incident during the entanglement experiment like what happened to me. Tell me exactly what happened last night and this morning, then how everything is differing from the norm."

Jean smiled, happy that her reach of a theory was correct and that the likelihood of her going insane had gone down. She opened up the recorder and started thinking though her morning to decide what to add and what to omit. "Last night i ran a experiment trying to entangle the atomic structure of two rods of SiO₄ on the quantum level to allow for electron transfer between them, there was a power surge that resulted in a discharge of red electricity that let me sickened for the rest of the night until i went to sleep at approximately midnight. Given what I've been able to gather, something similar happened to you.

When i woke up this morning I-" She stopped for a second remembering some embarrassment from the early morning hours, how she was thrust awake by a nagging bladder and stumbling her way groggily onto the toilet thinking she was naked, only to realize too late that she was wearing a quickly dampening diaper. "When i woke up i realized that something was off. All the men acted like women and as far as i can gather women are treated almost like children here, complete with... absorbent underwear. I was no longer the head of the synthetic entanglement project, being replaced by one of my assistants Donovan Kline. I assume that the two of us swapped places somehow." Jean said, trying to include the information that she thought would be scientifically important.

Jean looked at her phone for the next few minutes before another recording was saved. "I appreciate mentioning that Quartz had the same chemical makeup where you come from, it at least somewhat confirms that most scientific laws hold constant. Regardless, your mention of men acting like women and you being the head of the project confirms that I've ended up where you're suppose to be, but the place you ended up doesn't sound familiar. I haven't seen Jack in more than a week, and he knows better than to try and talk to me right now. Besides, your description of the... world, or timeline, or whatever this is doesn't seem to line up with mine. If we are swapping places, there seems to be at least a third party involved, possibly more. I won't be able to answer for a while, i'm going to try talk to Ashley about something and then try to find a more efficient way of communicating."

Jean straightened her back and set her phone down. "Great, there are more of us in this. Well at least i don't have to worry about someone wearing my body pissing herself in front of everyone." She grabbed a bottle of juice from the fridge and walked into the bedroom. "Now to see if i can find something wearable." She was still naked from the waist down after the incident this morning, wearing only a pink bra with a space ship pattern under a long plain white tee shirt she threw on to avoid giving Jack the pleasure of seeing her naked when she threw his clothes out the window. She riffled through the closet looking for something presentable.

"Pink, Pink, Pink, Cartoon Characters, does this chick not understand the concept wearing something that isn't a fucking pastel pink! I'd look like a little boy in these!" She eventually came across a yellow floral sundress. "Not my taste but i wouldn't die if someone saw me in it, i just hope she makes a lot of money because i need to do some clothes shopping today, call it the embarrassment tax for making me piss myself this morning by sleeping in one of those. Maybe i'll find some that have actual fucking pockets like the one's back home do. Now to just grab some under..."

She slapped her forehead in frustration. "I really shouldn't have thrown out all of Jack's shit, should i? It might have been close to his taint but its better than wearing one of those. And i can't exactly go commando in a dress now can i, that's just asking for trouble." She looked in the open diaper drawer for a second. "Eh fuck it, i'll just avoid any vents and hope it's not windy, better to take the chance of giving some people a look than loose my dignity entirely."

She walked out to her car, seeing Jack speed off with his suitcase in the backseat as she walked to the car door. She chuckled slightly before getting in and speeding off to the store. She pulled into the parking lot and hopped out of the car. She felt a slight twinge in her bladder as she walked to the doors of the building "Really? This is the third time since this morning, this girl has a bladder the size of a pea. Looks like i'll get too see what a bathroom here looks like." She groaned to herself. She walked towards the bathrooms too see the convenient lack of a line. She walked inside the room women's to see a row of changing tables with a vending machine for diapers, and the annoying out of order sign on the only stall in the place. "Well... Looks like the universe is just pinning me down today, at least i'm not wearing underwear so i'm saving her the work of pulling them down. Guess i'll just have to hold it."

She walked back into the store and headed towards the clothing department, looking through the women's section. "Looks like it's not other me's fault all she had was that crap, all of these look like something a child would wear." She picked up a couple black skirts and plain white undershirts, some of the few clothes that didn't have the common childish look to them, though the fact that the skirts she picked up marketed a "Water Repentant Interior" made her visibly cringe.

She looked for women's underwear for a few minutes before wandering her way into the men's isles. The women's pants all had enlarged bottoms that she didn't care for, electing to grab some men's jeans instead. She also grabbed a red V neck button up shirt that looked something like she had at home, and a grey hoodie. After a bit more walking, she finally stumbled onto the underwear isle. "Just like i thought, no women's under-" She whispered to herself, stopping when she saw the first pair of boxers with a fly in them. They didn't have any sort of model or advertising on them, just showing a brand name on the packaging "Well, glad to see not all women are going around like toddlers here." She grabbed a few packs in her size, walking away before looking at anything else.

She moved towards the changing rooms, running in and locking the door before opening a pack of underwear and slipping one on, knowing that she would be taking the self checkout so no one would question it. "Ahhh, that's much better. Though, they're a little roomy between the legs for some reason, maybe they had to make room for some kind of pad or something encase they leak. Still, it's nice to have these on again." She smiled at herself in the mirror, lifting her dress up to get a better look. While she was observing herself, her bladder decided to remind her of the juice she had downed earlier. She groaned to herself. "Great, maybe i should buy a Gatorade or something and empty it out so i can go in the car. Or..." She looked at the clothes she picked up and had a idea. "This is stupid, but will they really suspect me? And whats the worse that could happen."

She threw off her dress and quickly threw on a pair of jeans, a shirt, and her hoodie, stowing away her dress inside her hoodie to make her curves less noticeable. She pulled up the hood hiding her hair in a not behind it. She exhaled and walked out of the changing room, making sure that no one would see her. She pushed her car towards the bathrooms, leaving it outside. She walked into the men's room, looking down to look less suspicious. She moved inside planning to just go into a stall, stopping when she saw a line of urinals across from the stalls.

"Wait? What?" She looked back to confirm that she had walked into the men's room. She slapped her head. "You idiot, everything is topsy turvy here, The men must piss standing... which means these are men's underwear i'm wearing. Wait, how do they even... I mean i've heard that they can but how do they even do it? Does it always make a mess, or..." She trailed off as her body reminded her of its current needs, sending a wave of nagging desperation radiating through her. "Ok, ok, i'll empty you in a second." She groaned, walking to a urinal. She parted her legs and unzipped her fly, leaning forward slightly. She pulled up on her slit with one hand, pulling down the bottom of her jeans with the other. A small stream formed as she sighed in budding relief just as the sound of a door opening made her stop.

She looked to her right as a man walked over to use the urinal two spaces away from her. She leaned further forward the urinal to hide herself behind the divider. She looked over at him, seeing his hands vanish behind the divider as a the sound of falling piss echoed from in front of him. She looked for a second in a mix of curiosity and embarrassment, trying to hide herself while imagining what was going on behind the small grey barrier. "It's ok Jean, just think of running water." She though to herself, humming in an attempt to drown out his presence so she could resume her release. She stood there awkwardly for a few seconds trying to pee before she rezipped her pants and turned her back to him, walking towards a stall. She closed the door behind her.

"25 years old and you still can't piss when a guy is in the room, great work. Reminds me of the time i had to piss in the kitchen sink because Jack was taking too long in the shower." She unbuttoned her pants and pulled them down to her knees, opening the fly on her boxers and reassuring a similar position to before. She whistled to herself for a few seconds until the sound of the man outside disappeared. "He's gone, watterfalls, streams, long movies, long movies." She signed with relief as the stream she halted before sprang back to life, arcing into the toilet below with a satisfying splash. She stood there for about three seconds before it ended. "Thats it, really? I need to find some way to fix these bladder muscles if i'm gonna stay here for a while, otherwise i might as well work in the damn bathroom. Or just keep a piss jug nearby." She felt her phone vibrate as she pulled her pants back up.

"17 new Voice Memos."

*011*2020-10-28 01:15

I’m curious what people want too see next. I want to finish one more chapter (I.E one of the multiparts like the Prologue and Awakening) before November when this goes on hiatus for a month or until I fail NNN. So I’d like to see what the people reading are most interested too see before then.

*015*2020-11-07 03:11

Sorry it’s taking a while for this. The next chapter is on hiatus until December 1st... or until I fail NNN. I thought I remember putting out a notice on that but if I didn’t this is it. Hopefully interested doesn’t die before then.

*016*2020-11-30 05:03

Bit of a weird question but i’m ready to start writing again tomorrow night and I want to know, which Jean do you all want to see in the next chapter? I have ideas for all three and I can’t decide. Should I continue the Blue, Green, Red route or mix it up?

*019*2021-02-25 09:10

Ok time to finally get back to this. @brucejedi inspired me to get back to work from the writers block and finally make another entry. I'll try and make this a regular series again and not go back into burnout. Oh, and brucejedi, you made me continue this, I hope the next chapter of yours will be out soon. (Also if the formatting is screwed up from here on out, sorry, I think the site changed a lot.)

Discovery Pt1

"Answer me already you, you- You red tinted Witch!" Jean yelled into her phone before pressing the button to record it, upset that the person who had apparently ruined her relationship with her boyfriend wouldn't even answer her. She let out a audible sigh as she closed her apartment door behind her. She threw her groceries and newly purchased protection down on her couch before grabbing her forehead. "I need icecream." She groaned before walking to the fridge. She opened the top of her refrigerator and sighed again seeing its lack of anything sweet. "Aaaaand none of that. Great. I need comfort food dang it." She whined looking in the lower part of the fridge that held the rest of her groceries. Her eyes fell on the alcohol in the bottom shelf.

She subconsciously looked over her shoulder as if someone was there to tell her no. She popped off the cap with a satisfying hiss. "Well.... Might as well." She took a long drink before sitting it on the counter. She had snuck a glass of alcohol from Jack before, and had taken some from her father when she was younger, though it wasn't something she made a habit of. She knew that women weren't suppose to drink this, but that never stopped her from a little bit of exploration. She grabbed a couple more bottles and walked to her couch to try and process things. "I can't believe this. Jack's gone? He would never cheat on me, she has to be wrong. I'll tell her to apologize and when this whole thing is sorted I'll have my Jacky back!" She said as she downed the first bottle she grabbed. She tossed it down into the bin before opening another and taking another long swig. "This doesn't taste the best, but it is kinda fun to drink at least."

She flipped through shows on Netflix trying to find something familiar. She eventually settled on a movie about a ship she had never seen before but her doppleganger had apparently paused and pressed play, starting to feel slightly dizzy and buzzed. She sat through a couple minutes, using it as background noise while she refreshed her phone to see if there was a new memo. "Jack i want you to draw me like one of your French girls." The mention of that name drew her attention for a second. She watched more closely for a few minutes, reaching a scene where the female lead undressed for her portrait to be drawn. She blushed for a second before noticing that she was missing a diaper.

"That must have caused some reshoots. I wonder how many times they had to redo this because she leaked on set? I know back home they don't shoot nude scenes that often." She thought to herself absently while the tension of the scene made her feel a tingling desire between her legs. "I wonder is the Jack here would listen if i asked her to come over." She subconsciously shifted her legs around before a sudden growing warmth caught her attention.

Her eyes shot down to see a growing puddle and large damp spot on her skirt. "NO NO NO NO!" She yelled slamming her hands down into her crotch trying to stop the flow, giving up when she realized that the damage was already done. "I couldn't even feel it coming that time." She pouted, standing and peeling off her cloths before going to get a towel. She tossed her soaked undergarments and skirt into the washing machine and started cleaning up the mess. "That was my fault, i should have changed out of those stupid undies when i got back." She thought back to the scene she had just watched and to the lack of diapers and changing tables she saw today. "Wait, i wonder... Are all women potty trained here?"

After she changed and showered, she sad down at her desktop to search for answers. How to potty train your daughter, Women's Diapers, Incontinence. All of her searches seemed to confirm her theory. "So i was right. Looks like things really are different here." She leaned back, feeling a slight damp squish in her diaper. "What? Guess i wasn't empty before after all." She stood up taking note of how a relatively small leak felt more noticeable in these thinner diapers but thankfully hadn't leaked through.

Her thoughts were interrupted by a phone call from Ashley, she name wasn't distorted, leading her to believe that she was this world's version. She hastily answered, not wanting one of the others to answer. "Hey, Jean. Are you ok? You seemed a little... off after yesterday. You need me to drive you to the hospital?"

"No, I'm fine. Oh, Ashley, weird question but what color was that lightning that struck me yesterday?" She asked hoping to gain some more clarity on the situation.

"Blue, i think. Why?"

"Just asking." She sighed out, stumbling as she walked to the counter as the rest of the beer she had drank was starting to effect her. "About that experiment, i think there might be something i need to talk to you about. Didn't you mention something to me about,,, parallel universes or something when this started?"

"Well, yeah. I was the one who thought that this whole thing could let us cross to divergent timelines, but you and Donovan laughed at me."

Jean remembered back to how Ashley was hoping to hop to a universe where elves existed. "Yeah, sorry about that. But in our defense you wanted a handsome elf to change you..." She stopped herself remembering the exact nature of the situation.

"One, they weren't elves, i wanted to date a Jedi, Ewan McGregor is hot and i don't care what anyone says. Two, in a infinite number of realities there must be one where-"

Jean cut her off to prevent a familiar rant. "Right, right, right. Listen, can you come over here later? I need to talk to you about something."

"Um, sure. Why?"

"Long story, but i need you over here soon. I think i might need your help with something." She said think of how to best explain the situation.

"Ok, i'll be over there soon. Bye."

She hung up and felt a buzz on her phone. "1 new Voice Memo."

*020*2021-04-27 06:18

Discovery Pt2

"Uggg, i don't have time for this. I need to figure out how to get myself and the rest of us back where we belong. Because if you're even half as incompetent and whiney as you sound Green, I'm working at this a woman down. So get your ass in gear if you want your that dumb stud back in your life for some reason, because im not spending another minute around that asshole because your too much of a dumb bitch to know when your boyfriend is fucking someone else behind your back!" Jean screamed into her phone as she walked out of the bathroom before pressing save. She looked around too see a collection of shocked faces looking back at her. She shrugged angrily before pushing her cart towards the self checkout. She grabbed a energy drink out of the fridge nest to the register before paying and heading to the car.

"Hopefully the Ashley of this upside down world is half as smart as the one back home, otherwise its just me and Blue on this." She downed most of her drink and floored it back to the highway. She drove for about a half hour in the clearing traffic to get back to the apartments near the university where Ashely lived in her timeline. She felt a slight uncomfortable nagging in her bladder as she parked the car. "Damn, how weak is this chick's bladder? I'll just take a piss after i explain things." She climbed up the stairs to get to the familiar room number her friend lived in. Jean took a deep breath almost readying herself for whatever strange shift had happened. She knocked on the door before shouting. "Yo, Ash, its me. Get your ass out of bed."

The door slowly swung open as a familiar face wearing nothing but a long and well faded tee shirt covering her like a short dress greeted her. "No reason to be so rude. Are you OK after yesterday, do you need to go to the hospital?"

"I'm fine." Jean said pushing her way past her friend. "But, i think i need your help with something."

"What's the deal with your clothes? Why are you dressed like a man?" Ashley said as she closed the door.

"Ok, remember that crack theory you had about how our experiment would let us travel to parallel timelines and let you get a superhero millionaire power bottom boyfriend? " Jean said with a clap.

"Uh... It was a elf actually. But, Jean, what does this have to with anything?"

"Well, i lost that bet." Jean said, gesturing to herself.

"Are you sure you're feeling OK? You and Donoan both thought that it wouldn't work, and i was mostly joking. Maybe we should take you to the doctor." Ashley said, heading to her bedroom.

"Wait, wait, all the women in this universe wear diapers right?" Jean said as she grabbed Ashley by the shoulder.

"I mean, i've been potty training like I told you yesterday. But, yeah." Ashley said awkwardly, as if she has just heard the most stupid question of her life.

Jean cringed internally after she heard a mirror image of her friend say those words, but at least it had confirmed her theories entirely and gave her a easy way to convince this Ashley. She unbuttoned the pants she had bought earlier and let the drop to the floor, revealing a pair of black boxers. "See, this might look weird here, but people just wear this where im from. Women are ''potty trained" as kids."

"Wait, Jean. Slow down. This is all coming at me a little fast. I want to believe you but you sound like you're having a dissociative episode." Ashley said, staggering back slightly.

"Fine, ill prove it too you." Jean walked over to the fridge and took out a pair of soda bottles. "The version of me from this world wasn't doing the, err, toilet training like you was she. If so then i should piss these boxers before you need to go to the bathroom, right?"

"I mean, i guess. But thats a bit-" Ashley said before Jean cut her off.

"Fine, its settled. We down this and watch a movie. If i go last, then i win and you need to believe me." Jean said as she sat down on the couch, pulling up netflix on the TV.

"Ok, i guess. Jean always needs changes around this time so if you don't then either you made a lot of progress over night on potty training or there is something going on. Just, put this under you, ok." Ashley said as she tossed a towel towards her. "I just got all the stains from when i started out, i dont need any more."

Jean cringed but complied as the two sat down and started on their drinks. The movie had only just begun when Jean was reminded of sensation she felt in the car. "Shit, i forgot. I can't ask to go now, it'll sound like a cop out." Jean pulled her legs together in an attempt to hide her growing desperation.

Ashley finished the last drops of her soda and picked up Jean's empty bottle. "Ill go make us some popcorn, might as well enjoy this." She stood up, revealing a pink pull-up under her shirt.

Will finish in a edit tomorrow night
