Holding Back the Levee’s.

Author: NA NI!

*000*2017-10-29 08:29

Long-time reader, first time writer. Saw a post by Rick about wanting a story written about a commercial, which is a personal favorite of mine, and the more I thought about it the more an idea formed in my head. My writings a little surreal, not Aronofsky surreal, closer to a Monty Python (or at least attempted). Feel free to give me your two cents, and with that I will delay no longer (for both yours and Laura’s sake).

###

Laura Gutiérrez was in a rush, driven by a deep and constant pain. Having gotten out of class early (which we will get to soon enough) she decided to have some lunch in a park near downtown. On the way to the park she picked up lunch which consisted of a spicy-buffalo chicken sandwich, topped with a variety of peppers and some “special sauce” (NOT LIKE THAT’ GET YOUR MIND OUT OF THE GUTTER). She took her lunch and some important papers into the park and began to waste away her lunch hour.

Laura was going to school to become a Financial Analyst, but had left her afternoon classes to go to a job interview. In her final year she was looking around to begin her life in the dog eat dog world of business and just wanted to get her foot in the door. The business firm she was heading to has an opening for secretary but this was just the beginning, Just like the beginning of the pain occurring in her mouth. She was used to most spicy tastes but something about this sandwich was causing her almost excessive pain. She grabbed what was left of her lunch, resume and other important papers and began looking for something to stop this burning sensation (come on mates).

Her salvation came in the form of a water fountain, a little low to the ground if you ask me. Laura bent over and begin drinking from the fountain. Drinking isn’t really the right word, closer to inhaling. She stood there drinking for close to a minute when she noticed a man behind her, taking a good long look at the scenery. Wiping the drops of water from her mouth she stood up and made her way towards her SUV, lunch was nearly over and it was best to arrive early to her interview. Still feeling some heat she decided to pick up some water at a local convenience store, in hopes of quenching this pain. There was a sale on a 6 pack 750 mL bottles, and she took advantage of this savvy deal.

Now I’m sure you would like to hear the rest of the story from her point of view, instead of this voyeuristic all-knowing author. So I will leave you with one important piece of information… She is a beautiful 5’9, with beautiful d+ breasts set snuggly under a white tank top, skin the colour of mocha (livin la vida loca), with an ass as firm as a ripe cantaloupe stuffed into a extremely slim pair of Levy jeans. Oh you saw the video and get that part, and even then looks aren’t everything. Well aren’t you progressive. What you probably didn’t know was that the “special sauce” contained a variety of ingredients: ginger, horse radish, vinegar, other (yes other is weak writing but it adds to the mystery(OOO SPOOKY)). These ingredients ensure that your kidneys become more efficient than a Japanese tram station and send more water into your bladder then Niagara Falls sends off a cliff on a good day. But as we all know it all starts with…

A drop of water rolled down my chin, slightly warm, but that’s what I get for leaving it for last. AWWWW, do I feel bloated but I think my mouth it finally cooled. Sitting in this traffic I will throw this bottle along with the other 5 in the back seat, ah what a deal.

“The accident is just about to be cleared off on the I69, so it is expected traffic will return to normal in the next 10 minutes. Till then an utter stand still, someone who would power through any barrier was Nina Simone. Up next on of her most popular songs, the 10 minute stunner that is “Sinnerman”.

Another ten minutes? I still have a solid half an hour till my interview, it could be worse I could have to…

Oh no.

I had thought the bloated feeling was drinking over 2 litres of water in under 20 minutes but there’s a pain. A pain in my crotch, a pain associated with needing to pee. And like that there was no build up. I. HAD. TOO. PEE. Instantly I began shaking and moving intent on keeping in the oil tanker of piss that is my bladder. 5 minutes later it felt like all those 2 litres were already in her bladder and there was LITTLE room to spare. Desperate I decided to get out of my SUV, maybe I have a chance to find a nearby bush or porta-loo. I jumped out and from the sheer momentum of liquid in my bladder it felt like someone had kicked me straight in the sphincter.

“Hooooo, geeezzzzz.”

I took a moment to gather my strength, and I could hear two girls in the car ahead of me laughing. I began walking upwards on the ramp, using every ounce of strength to not shove one (or both) of my hands towards my crotch, to relive the massive load of hot pain dying to gush out. I took a moment to look up, to my horror, to see cops waving vehicles forward. I had no choice but to hop back in my SUV and resume driving. At least regaining control was easier sitting down, the seats were too soft and were nowhere close to a toilet seat.

As I drove by I saw what had held up traffic, and it was official, my panties were no longer dry. A car had crashed into a large tanker, lucky with no major damage. As I was driving by I could see that there were cracks in the tankers haul and a yellow liquid was still spraying out. It felt like it was just a few drops in my panties, and a helpful hand helped to prove the case.

There was a good discomfort in my stomach and I would have given nearly anything for a size larger pants, or some nice and stretchy sweat pants, or a dress that could flow effortlessly in the wind, AND NO PANTIES. GOD YES, getting rid of that slight compression would feel like lifting litres of water off my bladder. Just nothing down there and have my bare vagina against the seat. It could take a few squirts. Maybe I could drop my pants and give it a few squirts. Think of the relief. WAIT NO. That was a few more drops. AHHHHHHHHHH.

Just breathe.

In.

Out

In.

Out.

Imagine a dry desert. Sand for miles. Nothing hear but sand. There will be nothing but sand. There was only ever dry sand. But maybe it was once a raging ocean. AHHHHHH.

In.

Out.

In.

Out.

A tranquil plane. Nothing hear but grass, and a cool breeze. Warm and there is nothing but you the sun and the plane. Well that and the rain cloud gushing effortlessly in the distance. AHHHHHHH.

In.

Out.

In.

Out.

There is nothing. I am nothing. It is true peace and serenity.

HISSSSS

AHHHHHHHHHH.

It’s official. My panties can’t hold anymore. Jeans feel clean, but it feels like my crotch is submerged in a kitty pool, my bladder feels like its holding a kitty pool, and there are no more waves of pain. Just a constant sting. Just calm down, your drive is over. Just jump out and walk through the Plaza to the John Ferraro Building. Just keep going to the home of your interview and SWEET relief. Hoping out has taken another toll on my bladder and I fear what weakening my Kegel muscles for a moment could do. If it’s a day of making things official, I might just be a notary. THERE. IS. NO. ROOM. IN. MY. BLADDER.

The plaza before John Ferraro Building was pretty small but there was one thing that concerned me, the large pond with water features in the middle. I swear to god, when I own this place I will turn this into a sand pit.

WHOOOOSHHHHH. As if to spite me there is a large water jet that erupts in the middle of the pond. Then another jet erupts in my nether regions as I lose a good 2 second into my panties. I begin to pick up my pace, I can’t tell if there is a wet spot but if I don’t hurry there will be a HUGE one. Just hold it. Come on, the building is ther… WHOA.

“Sorry”

I blurt it out but I don’t even know if she heard me. Or that dog. Oh to be a dog. No tight pants. No wet panties. Just me, middle of the street, absolutely naked, and the largest most powerful gusher you can imagine, followed with un-godly relief. A look of ecstasy and a release on an exhausted sphincter almost followed, but I quickly snapped out of it with just a 1 second jet into my pants. I also have to painfully slow my pace as a passerby is paying a little too much attention to me. Ohhh, this is getting me nowhere, I don’t even care if he thinks somethings wrong. I HAVE TO ENTER THAT BUILDING.

I break through the door and almost freeze. A stronger sting racks my stomach but I was able to Kegel better than before and only a mere drop escaped. But millions of its buddies were right behind him, and were not hesitating to cause me some pain. Before the security guard has a moment to say anything, I speed off into the direction of a hallway with a handsome man standing in it. It’s a pretty short hallway and the guy is ju…

I just entered an elevator.

Before I make the scene any more awkward I hit one of the buttons, and begin checking this guy out. He is pretty handsome and dressed quite nicely. I wonder why he is here. He could be a financial manager or head of I.T. or an important client, I don’t want to look like a fool. So I fix my hair and do my best to grin and bare it. I got a quick feel of my pants as I squeezed a little earlier and unfortunately there was some dampness. Not unexpected but hopefully in these dark Levy’s not much will show up.

Some of my work had paid off, and it wasn’t anything regarding my lower abdomen. This guy was clearly checking me out and liked what he saw, that gave me a helpful boost too everywhere but my sphincter as a powerful 3 second jet erupted into my pants and made quite an audible hissing sound. And you are correct it made a little puddle on the floor. I couldn’t keep this up and my legs locked up instantly and my hands were there a moment before hand. The door opened and I instantly left, I wasn’t going to humiliate myself here. I NEED SOMETHING. I would say a garbage can but at this rate it would have to be industrial sized.

There were no signs anywhere, and while it was great to have a moment to compose myself, I needed to know where those toilets were last week. There was a spiral staircase in front of me, and something inside told me to go down. Maybe it is my body saying “Go down urine, escape”. I’m not going to let it happen but it appears my body was giving me no choice, I am completely numb down there, but it seems that a steady drip is leaking out. Maybe someone has a sphincter that can hold back Noah’s flood, THAT SPHICTER ISN’T MINE.

Drip.

At the bottom of the stairs I see a sign. SALVATION. SHIT. The bathrooms are on this floor, but basically on the other side of the building.

Drip.

There little of anything I can do to hold anymore, so with hands clasped and putting inhuman amounts of pressure on my vagina I sprint off.

Drip.

Halfway through the hallway. Lots of industrial and maintenance things. Maybe there is somewhere I can duck in and cause hundreds of dollars of water damage? Something in me is saying just keeping going. Maintain current course.

Drip.

I reach the end of the hall and FINALLY SOME GOOD LUCK. For about 0.3 seconds. The door is locked and closed for cleaning.

Squirt.

I almost begin a boxing match with the door, in hopes it will fall down and allow me sweet relief. It’s tough to say, but it almost looks like there is a pattern the shape of my panties, etched in piss on my jeans.

Squirt.

With my strength failing in both fights against the door and my bladder I notice further down the hall, the gentlemen in the elevator was there. I stop my fight with the door and door my best to strike a pose.

HISS.

BIG MISTAKE. I wouldn’t be surprised if he saw that leak out of my pants. Who am I kidding, there’s nothing slowing those urine jets down and would shoot right out. He looked like he was playing with his pants and proceeded to enter a room further down. THE MENS IS STILL OPEN.

HISS.

I hurray towards the Men’s. The bikini panties on my jeans are quickly turning into boxer shorts.

Hiss.

I reach the door.

Drip

I force the door open.

Squirt.

Standing there was a man shocked at the sink, while the guy I followed in was at the urinal.

Hiss.

I caught a glance of his penis and gushing out of it…

Boom.

@@Like that there was no stopping the flood. All the pain that had coursed through my lower body to such an extent to go numb, was gone. Replaced by a pain in my pee hole as what felt like gallons of urine raced to see who could leave first. All hopes at not humiliating myself in this place, the place I hoped to start my financial future, gone. I wish I could have thought of a better way to describe what I thought, but all parts of my mind were in ecstasy over the relief. An absolute deluge was released into my pants, and not a inch of those jeans were spared the hot load of my mammoth bladders wrath. It kept going and going. Boxer’s to shorts. It kept going. Shorts to capris. It kept going. Capris to jeans. It just wouldn’t stop. The puddle on the floor was small at first, the size of a spilled glass of water. But it too would continue to grow. The size of a plate. The size of a coffee tables surface. Size of a Dining tables surface. The ground was now covered more with my pee then with porcelain tile. That tile went from a clean white to a shade of bright yellow, and I was afraid it would never change colours. It would remain a permanent reminder of the sheer force of an unrelenting bladder, and human sphincter unable to keep an inhuman load at bay. As I wet myself the man at the urinal stopped peeing, and began to look at me. It was an odd look I couldn’t quite place. (Unbeknownst to her it wasn’t because he had emptied his bladder or was shocked, it was due to the site she caused that a strong and powerful erections had ceased all flow. Sorry for interrupting during the “Golden” moment, I will return you to Laura)

As my bladder deflated to a normal size all I began to think about was what was going to happen. The man at the sink looked like he might throw up, or scream. Maybe both. And the well-dressed man, he had to be the C.E.O. of This building, this company, this world. He would tell everyone, I would look like a child, no one wants their finances managed by a child. No matter what I did or what I would do all people would see is a child in wet pants. I could feel my whole body heat up and almost become off balance. I hope to god I’m not turning red, which would be the perfect cherry to top this off. Pants the colour yellow and a sad little girl red due to embarrassment. Despite all of this I remained stoic, almost shocked at what happened. Not a tear left my eye or a sound from my mouth, left agape from what happened.

So many more thoughts flooded my mind, like urine in my pants, during what felt like hours of relief. So many thoughts I could barely place the deep down feeling I felt. A feeling I almost couldn’t describe. A feeling of joy and happiness, of warmth and safety. A feeling of strength and independences, of fighting a thousand battle and winning them all. A felling that started at a clitoral level. I was so enamoured in the thoughts and feelings I could barely hear what the gentleman was about to say.

“Wait you’re Laura? Laura Gutiérrez aren’t you?” The gentlemen asked.

I nod.

He replied with “Well I don’t know what they teach these kids anymore but there are better ways to make a lasting impression”

I immediately perk up and responded to him, doing my best to add a level of confidence:

“A woman has to mark her territory to standout in man’s world. There are few places more sacred to a man then their lavatories. ”

“If you keep that up, quite a lot may be your territory. Names Rick, and I believe I will be your boss.”

Now as I return, you may wonder how Laura was able to recover from such humiliation. Well if you read it was quite easily. But there are always people to please, meetings to attend, and breaks to skip (for oh so many people). But it seems kind of rude to harp on Laura, she has bigger and better things to get on too (NOT REMOTLY WHAT I MEAN), so let’s let her… Go Forth.

