First in the simulation

Author: Noface

*000*2021-10-17 09:45

Ok, this is the first time i’m writing in a while. I designed this to be a short project, something made in response to @Jimmy Olsen

‘s request. Hopefully it’ll get the cobwebs dislodged so I can write again. I’m going fairly tame on this all things considered. Anyway, hope you all like it.

“Full week, eh.” Sarah said allowed as she read through the contract. “That’s the longest they’ve tested this on a human.” She signed her name as a smile crept across her face. Her hand shook in excitement. She thought, knew, she was lucky. One of the first people to test the Valhalla System out for this long. Far from a bad way to spend a spring break for a game dev major. They even got the beta for a MMO launch title ready for it.

She finished filling out her waiver before dropping it off at the front desk and heading back to the room they had set aside her her and a couple other female participants. She looked over seeing two other young women laid down in cushioned beds with visored helmets over their heads. “Damnit, they must have got in before me! I was hoping I’d be the first in, guess that’s what happens when you sleep in.” She grumbled.

She stepped behind a changing curtain and stopped her clothes off before changing into a hospital gown with a series of monitors built in, which she reasoned where there to measure vitals. She looked down and cringed as she saw the last thing she needed to put on. She lifted up the bulky white underwear they had provided for her. “Uggg, I know we’ll be under for a while but was this reeeealy necessary? I hope this sensory overwriting works because if I have to feel this between my legs for a week I’ll be pissed.” She chucked her a second as the last word left her mouth. “Literally.”

She slid the protective undergarment up her narrow legs up to her butt and pulled the tapes on the sides tight. She let out a annoyed exaltation and walked through the curtain, not bothering to push it aside with her hands. She reclined on the open bed and set the mounted helmet on her head before pressing a button and allowing her body to go limp. She felt a tingling sensation crawl across her body, moving from her toes to the base of her spine and moving from her extremities to the base of her neck. She felt her body going numb as the visor lit up with a pattern of lights displaying a boot up message. Before she could open her mouth, she felt her body drift into what felt like a deep sleep.

Once her eyes adjusted, she found herself floating in a black void with a monitor in front of her. “Wow, they weren’t kidding, that was fucking crazy.” She said out loud. She looked at the screen in front of her, examining the information coming into view.

Character creation

Gender:

Skin Color: 3

Hair Color: Auburn 12

Physique Settings

She looked the character over, it was all in all pretty similar to her. Same pale white skin, same reddish hair, almost identical body proportions, somewhat to her dismay as she usually likes to add a few inches in hight and tone down her waist line. “Looks like our avatars default to looking like we do. Well, time to change that.”

She reached over to the top gender slider to swipe it over, only to be greeted with a error message.

”Option disabled during testing phase to avoid bio-synchronicity issues.”

”Bull!” She said with a pout. She made a habit of playing as men in most multiplayer games to avoid some past annoyances related to playing a female avatar, mostly people looking for a internet girlfriend or take the meme of no women existing on the Internet too seriously. “Well, might as well tweak the rest then.”

She adjusted her hair color to the most anime shade of cobalt blue available before moving down to body proportions, starting with increasing her height.

”Option disabled during testing phase to avoid-“

”Oh not this crap again, is there anything I can change!” She moved down through the various sliders, reducing her weight, increasing her tit size to its maximum, and setting as many other sliders to 69 as she possibly could, resulting in a comical monstrosity. “Nice. But really this might get kinda annoying to play as for a week… But I would get a lot of retweets if I play as a 6ix9ine for a week…” She pondered the mater for another few minutes before continuing. “Do it for the memes.” She mumbled before hitting continue. The screen transitioned to a full body shot in a neutral lighting and room with a message displayed before.

”Is this right?”

She looked below to a option to make last minute alterations. “On second thought, I can’t post screenshots, no one would believe me. And my back hurts just looking at that… Sorry Twitter, no memes today.”

She hit the button below her avatar which brought her a second smaller customizations screen. She hit the button to restore to default, causing it to revert to a black haired girl with a long ponytail. “What the heck?” She looked through the settings to see it had reverted to a different stock character, one that had been used in test footage. She checked the hight, 6’1”, a full 6 inches taller than her. A smile crept across her face. “A glitch me thinks, that’s what happens when you hire a Bethesda programmer.” She looked up to the gender slider again. She hit the button, causing her avatar to swap to a similarly proportioned man. She then her the back button, causing it to revert to the original character creation screen, this time with hight and gender locked in relation to the default male character.

”Well, isn’t this a surprise. We are suppose to find glitches after all, and this is too good a opportunity to pass up.” She worked through the various sliders, remaking her usual MMO avatar, a old OC by the name of Loptyr, a tall blue haired husbando with a swimmers body, scars on his chest, and a massive… Her eyes went wide when she got to the bottom to see a option marked “developer locked settings” She curiously clicked on it to see a list of sliders marked with null values showing a warning marked “invalid data source”. She scrolled through them. “Penis length, width, testicle… why do they need this? It’s probably something that’s supposed to pull off the vitals for the user, probably available because they can’t pull a valid value for them off me. Better set these to default… except this. If i’m gonna to playing a guy, might as well be packing heat. Set that too max.”

She hit continue twice, causing the screen to vanish and her body to light up before she blacked out again. She came too leaning on the back of a cart in a wintery landscape. “Hey, you. You’re finally awake.”

”Oh fuck this!” She shouted at the top of her lungs before standing up and falling out of the cart. She smashed a dialog box floating in front of her titled skip tutorial. “Fuck you Tod, and fuck these Skyrim references!” She suddenly found her body flickering in light before being teleported and stumbling into the street. “I’m making note of gross meme necrophilia in my…” her voice trailed off as she looked around. The mountainous winter backdrop from before had been replaced by a shoreside town flanked by a expansive plane and a towering mountain. “Wow, this really does look better than the trailers.”

She walked towards a tavern nearby, her balance being slightly thrown off by her new hight and distribution of weight. She stumbled through the tavern doors and sat down. The table had a paper menu sitting near her seat with a ordering UI built in. She ran her finger across it, trying to figure out how to place a order. “How does this work?” She thought to herself.

”You need to bring up the item management UI, then you can interact with hidden UIs in items.” Sarah looked up to see a busty short girl with long black hair, dressed in a set of simple armor that was obvious low level but markedly better than the starting gear everyone else has. “It’s a bit unintuitive, but you get the hang of it.”

”Oh right, the HUD, I knew that.” She swiped her finger to the side, expecting a display to appear. The girl across from her mover the thumb and two front fingers of her left hand into a Y and turned it clockwise. Sarah mimicked the motion, causing a interface to appear in from of her. “Thanks, I-“

”Skipped the tutorial.” Interrupted the other girl. “You and everyone else, it’s annoying but pretty important.” She extended her hand in a handshake. “You can call me Eeve. What’s your name?”

”Oh it’s… Loptyr.” Sarah said, surprised that the UI didn’t show their user names. “Thanks for the help Eeve.” She took note of how her voice was being filtered to a slightly deeper tone, probably something to do with the settings she haphazardly adjusted before.

”No problem, I’ve been here since late last night, one of the first people to log in. So I’ve been helping people a bit.”

Sarah ordered some soda and chips, surprised the starting gold she had didn’t decrease. “Huh, I would have figured they would nickel and dime us.”

”They want to test out of food and drink engine, make sure everything tastes the same for everyone. Plus the feeding tubes they added to the helmet only work when you eat or drink something in game.

”Wait, feeding tubes?” Sarah said with a grimace.

”This system wasn’t made to run this long. Some body systems can’t be overwritten that easy, eating, drinking, and… related systems are still tied to our physical body. So if you’re hungry or thirsty that means you really are.”

”I guess that makes sense.” Sarah said, thinking back to the diaper they made them wear.

A NPC waitress brought her the food she ordered, along with some other beverages she clicked on absentmindedly while talking. “So, do they actually purée this food and feed it to us or…” she said while she started drinking the soda, which had a familiar and oddly realistic taste.

”No, it’s just water and a protean shake. The Valhalla overrides our sense of taste. It just can’t cover up hunger or thirst for safety reasons. They will force feed you even you get dehydrated, but tying everything to actual sensations mostly prevents that from happening.”

”Huh, in retrospect I probably should have read the brochure a bit closer.”

”That’s not included, I just know this because my dad works on the project. But it’s probably better not to talk IRL.”

”Yeah, you’re right. Hey, you’re pretty high level for this early in the game. What are the best spots for grinding?” Sarah asked, finishing her soda and starting on a apple cider. She fully intended to at least try everything she had in front of her.

”Oh, this game isn’t that grind friendly in the beta, first quest completion rewards are the fastest way to level. I’ve done every quest in the beta that they’ve turned on at least once, that’s why my level is so-“ she trailed off as her mouth hung open and her head moved around as if there was a synching issue. She coughed and hacked loudly for a few seconds. “That- that’s why you don’t cough want to cough to wait to long to drink anything! They pour a bunch of water in and cough your brain thinks it’s cough drowning!”

”Are you ok!” Sarah yelled.

”I’m fine just, just a little winded. I haven’t had time to sit down and drink anything today so the machine made me!” Eeve said with a unsettlingly calm face.

”Uhhh… that’s good.” Sarah said with a creeped out expression.

”If you want I can help you level up, I’d like to have someone else my level to team up with. You need teams to take on some trial quests.”

“That sounds fun!” Sarah said with a smile, downing the last of the drinks she had from before. “Let’s get going, what’s a good starter quest?”

”You have a fire Mage’s starting kit so the water weird is a good bet.”

”Ok, let’s go!”

The two of them finished their food before hopping on a pair of riding birds and running for the forest near the edge of town. They hopped off and walked once they got to the tree line. “Let’s follow the river, that leads to the pound where it lives.” Eeve said.

Sarah looked around, taking in the smells of the pine trees, the look of the sun filtering through the canopy, and the sound of the brook flowing neat to them. She felt a slight uncomfortable twinge flowing from her lower stomach and a small twitch in her pants as muscles she had never felt before twitched to control the impulses flowing through her. “Yeah, that water is making its way through my system now. Man this feels weird, I’ve never felt quite like… this before. Maybe I should find a tree to square be- Shit!” She thought to herself. “How do guys even… I mean I know how they, but how do they… Ughhh I’ll just have to hold it till I get back and go in the bathroom.” She stumbled along feeling her pants pull tight as muscles she had never used or felt before twitched and pulled against the building tide, like a dam trying to hold against a shifting river.

”Are you ok?” Eeve asked.

”Huh, yeah, why do you ask?” Sarah asked nervously.

”You’re just walking weird, I was making sure everything was fine.”

”Yeah… let’s just kill this thing and head back.” Sarah said as she adjusted her posture to cover up her quickly growing discomfort.

The two of them continued until they got to a lake near a loud waterfall crashing down the side of a cliff. They saw a large water snake lashing around its surroundings. “Ok, let’s go.” Eeve yelled as a massive greatsword taller than her body appeared in her hand. She charged in and slashed at the creature.

Sarah produced a flaming sword in her hand and shouted a command. “Igni!” A ball of fire erupted from her hands and smashed into the aqueous monster. The battle continued back and forth for a few minutes before the serpentine river lashed out and grabbed Sarah, swimming her into the wall. She yelled out in a dulled pain before Eeve slashed the creature in two, ending it and granted the two of them a generous sum of XP.

Sarah fell to the land, feeling her shirt damp from contact with the monster. “Thanks for that, my spacing was sloppy, I should have known it’s reach was that far.”

”It’s fine, let’s just get back, the dangerous stuff spawns at night and it’s getting late.”

”Ok-“ Sarah stood up as another wave of desperation flowed through her. She let out a gasp as the unusual muscles in her crotch stood to attention, trying to stop a burst to her dam. Her hands instinctively rushed for her crotch.

”Are you sure you’re ok?” Eeve asked with the first look of genuine emotion she had given all evening.

”Yeah, just… I think I need to drain my pipes is all.” Sarah said trying to stand straight and disguise her desperation.

”Oh, then just… go. I’ll turn around if you want me to-“

”No- it’s just… I… well…” Sarah trailed off trying to think of a way to explain her situation.

”Oh… you found that glitch didn’t you, the only that bypasses the gender lock.”

”Oh, you know about that? I thought I was the only one who found it.” Sarah said with a look of embarrassment.

”Yeah, let me help, just drop your pants a little, there’s a tree right there. Eeve said printing to a tall oak she had fallen near.

Sarah gulped, realizing that her hopes of holding it till she got back where nonexistent and her chance of holding it until she could get privacy were even worse. Something about playing with different equipment had scrambled her brain and made holding it much more difficult. Had she been in her normal body this would be fine, but she could feel her muscles giving in as they spoke. “Ok, just help me undo this belt, I can’t hold it much longer.”

Eeve reached around and undid Sarah’s belt, dropping her pants to her knees. She helped her to the tree and turned around. “Just brace yourself against the tree and pretend i’m not here. Oh, and think of running water.”

Sarah put host hands against the tree, slowing a stream to shoot from her unfamiliar virtual manhood. The stream quickly went haywire, splashing against her legs and pants. She quickly stanched the flow, causing a small pain to shoot from her new penis. “Ow, ow, why does it hurt! And how do I stop it from splashing?”

”You're suppose to hold it, hold it with your other hand and aim.” Eeve said as she looked around.

”Oh, right. Sorry.” Sarah wrapped her hand around her impressively long member and exhaled as the stream resumed, staining the side of the tree with clear urine that had been brewing inside her for the past few hours. “Ahhhhhh. Thanks. That feels so much better. Hey I know we aren’t suppose to discuss IRL but do you have a little brother or some-“

Her monologue cut off as she looked behind her to see Eeve grabbing her crotch and bouncing up and down in a familiar potty dance. “Listen can you repay the favor, this is the first time I’ve had to pee since I got here and I have no idea how this works…” She said in a pitiful whimper. “I think it’s about to come out.”

Part 1/2

*004*2021-10-19 13:30

{{4 hours ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

That's a fine first chapter! I love the idea of a woman with a male avatar getting help from (I assume) a man with a female avatar. I never even thought of that angle when I was writing the request. Sarah/Loptyr's peeing scene is very good and I'm looking forward to Eeve's peeing scene. I also like how you included the pub scene and quite a bit of adventuring instead of jumping quickly to the peeing scene. On the minus side there are a lot of typos. Also the tags you included make me nervous about what you're planning. Anyway so far so good!

}}

Thanks. I’ll admit that my spelling on these is usually pretty bad. I write erotica stream of consciousness and usually don’t proof read it before posting. I catch about 2/3 of my mistakes but with as many as I make it piles up. It’s a bad habit and I really need to start at least running these through a grammar and spelling checker. I write one handed for lack of a better euphemism and once i’m finished Im not in the mood to reread it for another day and a half.

As for the tags I just through up everything I could think of that might be in the final product, I’ll edit them once it’s done to be more accurate.

*007*2021-10-28 15:21

Part 1.5/2

This is mostly a bit I cut out of part 2 giving closure to exactly what happens next. Hope it tides everyone over for a bit. I will ask what everyone’s option on how I handle pronouns in this is. Sarah is the POV character so it makes sense to use her for everything but with Eeve should I go he or her? Mostly just asking to see what readers want me to use, both kinda make sense because Eeve is a guy but also wants to keep his real identity as separate as possible from his character in games usually.

Sarah moved her eyes from the tree to the clearly desperate Eeve behind her. “Oh, uh, just um. Just pull you panties down, hike your skirt up and squat. Not much to it.”

”Ok.” Eeve nervously under their skirt and slid their panties down to their knees. Sarah could see a clearly defined damp patch in the center. Eeve pulled the front of her skirt up to her stomach and sit down into a squat.

”Hey move your feet apart, you’ll get your shoes wet.” Sarah said before moving her head back around to deal with her own issues.

”Oh, ok, thanks” Eeve said awkwardly. She spread her feet further apart as a uncontrolled spurt erupted from between her legs. She sighed in relief as the loud hiss filled the air around her. She leaned back slightly, causing her to loose balance and fall onto her back. “Ah!” Her pee began to run down, pooling on the back of her skirt around her butt. She shot her hands to her crotch to force the flow shut.

Sarah looked around at her again. “Hey, try propping your back up against that tree over there.”

Eeve awkwardly stood up and hobbled over to the tree before leaning back against and and removing her hands, letting a flow start again. She looked down to see a massive damp stop on her skirt and underwear. She sighed loudly with a frown forming on her face. “Thanks, for all the help I gave you I sure made a mess.”

Sarah finished peeing before pulling her pants up and walking over, making sure not to look below Eve’s waist. “Heatwave” she said out loud causing a blast of dry air to erupt from her hand and fly towards Eeve. “That should dry you off at least. Though you’ll have to wash those later I guess.”

”Thanks. But we shouldn’t have to worry about washing too much. Clothes reset stains and battle damage when we walk in city bounds.” Eeve said, her almost robotic demeanor returning.

”Well that’s good at least.” Sarah said turning her eyes away. “Hey I know you didn’t want to talk about real life but i’m gonna go out on a limb and say you found that glitch too.”

Eeve blushed and looked down. “Yeah I found it, I thought I was the only one. I usually play female characters and I was curious what it would be like i’m this.”

”Figured. Hey mind I stick around you for a while, encase I need… help with something again?”

Eeve pulled his underwear back up and stood up again. “Sure, we’re partied up after all, kind of our job to help each other.”

*009*2022-03-26 05:53

“They really underestimated how long it would take people to complete these quests, huh.” It had been a interesting three days for Sarah, she had killed water elementals, ice tigers, flying squids, and a disappointingly small list of other monsters. And now…

”Yeah, I was done day one and since then this drip feed of new quests has been boring.” Eeve said with a frown before sitting down on a snow covered rock.

For whatever reason the developers had taken every care to get the program up and running for a week long test but left the list of content woefully lacking. Since the small list of quests available at the start the company has been releasing a single new monster every day. Eeve and Loptyr had hit the modest level cap of 15 on the first day here and crafting materials were basically useless for mages and assassins, a oversight typical of this glitch ridden playtest. “Uhhg, I thought this would be exciting but VR grass and realistic wet shoe simulations get boring after a while. Give us a damn boss already!”

”It doesn’t help that the map design here is boring. I’ve had more fun in my bedroom than these woods today.” Eeve paused for a second before blushing as their eyes shot wide open. “No I mean-“

Sarah laughed. “Relax, that was funny. You really think the first thing I did once I was alone wasn’t to stick this dick in everything I could? I only got this for a week, i’m going to try it out while I can.” She leaned back on a tree before brushing some snow off her avatar’s virtual blue hair.

”No, I mean I was using the physics tester, that thing that lets you take models of things you’ve killed and post them. I was playing around with that a lot last night.” Eeve looked down in embarrassment. “It just came out all weird.”

”Oh. I need to try that out.” Sarah looked around the landscape. “But come on , seriously, you can’t say you haven’t been trying out that new equipment of yours. You don’t have to pretend, everyone who spends enough time on the net becomes a pervert.”

”Don’t you think this is a little weird to talk about?” Eeve said looking away and moving their legs close together. “It’s not like we know each other that well.”

”Exactly. We’re anonymous. I wouldn’t share my weird fetishes with anyone I knew in real life. People are their most honest when you can’t see their face. Besides, we’ve seen each other pantsless, that has to count for something.” Sarah shifted her posture again and looked behind her. “Speaking of which, hold on, I haven’t had a change to try spelling my name yet.” She moved to the far side of the tree she was leaning on before dropping her pants and leaning back. With a loud sigh she grabbed her loaner penis and started her abrupt calligraphy.” Hissssss

”I guess that makes sense.” Eeve shoved their hands between their legs and started rubbing their thighs together. “To be honest i haven’t exactly jerked- rubbed off since I got here.”

”Really?” Sarah said while she moved her feet apart. “Why?”

”Well, to be honest… I tried but it just felt kind of awkward. I couldn’t really get into the mood.”

Sarah’s stream came to an end at a frustratingly incomplete r. “Damn it, Lopty. I knew I shouldn’t have tried cursive.”

”Hey, I think i’m heading back.” Eeve stood up, crossing their legs.

”Why, I thought we were going to finish this map? It’s the only achievement left until tomorrow.” Sarah said, pulling her pants up.

”I… I need to pee.” Eeve said with a uncharacteristic embarrassment.

Sarah had noticed up to this point that her teammate had done a good job staying in character for the most part, but he clearly had trouble with this sort of thing. “Why don’t you just go behind a tree or something?”

”I don’t like crouching outside, it doesn’t like to come out.” Eeve rubbed their legs together again.

”I guess, that makes sense, I kind of had trouble peeing standing when I was learning how to do it, I guess it’s the opposite for you. Took me weeks to get comfortable with it.”

”Yeah, besides I have trouble keeping my balance so I should just… wait, weeks? We’ve been here for three days?” Eeve said with confusion.

”Oh, that… I taught myself that irl. I went through a phase when I was a teenager where I was really into-“

”I don’t need to know specifics.” Eeve interrupted.

”Hiking, I was really into hiking because a guy I had a crush on was a outdoorsy type. I stumbled on on one of those page 5 of google articles about it. I know you like in character talk but we sort of ran out of game related stuff to talk about yesterday.”

”Oh. I didn’t know you could do that.” Eeve said with a look of surprise.

”Yep. If it’s just about the crouching vs standing thing, I could show you.”

”I- I mean, really?” Eeve said shifting their weight from foot to foot. “I guess, I think I’ll need to go before I get back anyway, I’ve been holding it since we left ten hours ago.”

”Ok, hike up your skirt.” Sarah said taking a step forward.

”Why!?”

”I don’t exactly have the anatomy for a demo. Besides it’s not actually your body anyway, think of it like sharing a R34 commission of a OC.”

Eeve blushed and pulled their skirt up with one hand and pulled their panties down with another. “Ok, just show me what to do.”

Sarah made an upside down V with her left hand and placed it in front of her crotch. “Do your fingers like this and pull your labia up and back.”

”Like this?”

”No, pull it back more.”

”This way?”

”No your just pressing down… want me to do it for you so you can see how to do it?” Sarah said taking another step forward.

”Sure.” Eeve said abruptly and almost too enthusiastically.

Sarah stepped behind Eeve and put her hand down to their crotch before pulling their folds open.

”I thought girls were suppose to be gentle with this sort of thing!” Eeve said back.

”Just do your fingers like this, make sure to hold it like this and push hard, otherwise, you’ll get your underwear wet.” Sarah said with a smile.

”Like this?” Eeve said moving both hands down to take over for Sarah, letting their skirt flop down.

”Yeah but you need to keep your skirt out of the way. I’ll take care of that.” Sarah grabbed Eve’s skirt and pulled it up to their stomach. “Now, just, well, go.”

Eeve squinted and exhaled, trying to force a stream. “I’m a little pre shy, give me a second.”

”Let me fix that.” Sarah said before pushing her hand into Eeve’s abdomen.

A squeal quickly turned into a moan of relief as a loud hiss escaped Eeve’s body. “Aaaahhhhhhhh.” Eeve sighed as the lake forming in their body had finally found an escape. Their body shifted slightly? Causing Sarah to look down.

”What you you doing?”

”Hey you can spell your name can’t you? Might as well give it a shot.” Eeve said giving it their best attempt at spelling a name. “You used a lot of hentai logic there.”

”And you played into it. Sooo… you want to follow through on that.” Sarah asked with a blushing trying to sound smooth.

”I am feeling a little pent up, maybe you can help me with the whole awkwardness thing. And it would be a shame to not try this out at least.” Eeve said with a grunt, desperately trying not to get their clothing wet.

Eeve’s stream finally came to an end before they pulled their underwear up before turning around. I guess there’s a cave back there if you want to go weird with it. Eeve said with a blush trying not to make things too awkward for two horny minds to reject.

”Ok Ethan.” Sarah said trying to hide her excitement.

”Wait, Ethan how did you know my-“ Eeve looked back to see the name they had spelled. “Damnit!”

Sarah slapped her forehead. “Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! Don’t blow it now!” She said to herself in her mind. “Hey sorry lets just forget that Eeve!”

”No, it’s ok. It’s cold out anyway, let’s just finish the map and go back. Let’s talk about this later or something.” Eeve said with a look of embarrassment.

”Damnit Damnit Damnit Damnit! You idiot! You can’t even get another weirdo to do cyber sex!” Sarah yelled in her mind. “Ok.”

