Sam

Author: Noot

*000*2024-10-13 12:18

Hey all,

As mentioned, i'm going to try and post another old story from years ago on this forum around once per week. This one is another commission (many of my stories are commissions from the same user, who will remain anonymous, but their ideas are so good that I can't not share the finished product).

###

Sam had been in this position more times than she could count: standing inches from her front door, key wiggling frustratingly in the lock, with an almost indescribable need to pee surging through her veins. Her bladder was so full that it was bloating her belly, and every step made what felt like litres of liquid slosh around in there like waves in a reservoir. Beneath black loose-fitting jeans, her nappy begged her not to make it take anymore. It was already brimming with fluid after a long and busy day, and she didn't dare ask it to go again.

With an upward jerk of the handle, the door clicked open and Sam hurried inside. She had lived her long enough now that it felt like home, with her spare shoes lined neatly in the entrance hallway and a pot on the shelf into which she now deposited her keys, legs clamped tightly together. She closed the door and kicked off her trainers, cursing herself for being a perfectionist as she took the time to line them up next to the others despite her desperation. From upstairs, the sound of a blaring radio confirmed what she already suspected - the plumber they had called this morning was here, and so the only bathroom in the house was currently out of action.

For most people, hearing that the only toilet was occupied would be disastrous news when already desperate for a wee, but the mind of a nappy-wearer worked differently. Sam didn't even glance twice at the stairway as she pressed on through to the kitchen, where her only housemate was already starting to make dinner. Lauren was one of the tallest women Sam had ever met, with golden-brown hair and a never-ending supply of complicated recipes from all over the world.

Sam dropped her bag behind the breakfast table and steadied herself against the counter. Over the hum of the overhead fan and oil crackling in the frying pan, it took Lauren a few seconds to realise her housemate was home, but she broke into a smile when she saw.

"Good day?"

"Not bad, thanks," Sam panted, knowing she only had a few moments left before she lost bladder control, "you?"

"Boring," said Lauren, "stayed in all day and watched crap."

Lauren continued as Sam went to the cupboard in the far corner of the room, beside the fridge. It was hard to listen politely while her bladder was screaming for relief. Almost all of her nappies were kept in a box in the upstairs bathroom, and plenty more lived in the bottom of her closet... but she always kept a couple downstairs, unable to shake the feeling that she might one day need them in a situation like this. Today she'd been proven right.

"Sorry, I really need to change my nappy," said Sam, opening the door and fishing out one of her spares. "I've already wet this one three times today, and I really don't think it can take another wee!"

Lauren turned and properly looked at Sam for the first time that evening. It only took a few seconds to work out what the problem was. "You desperate right now?"

"Absolutely bursting," Sam said, her face flushing more from urgency than embarrassment. She hadn't been embarrassed in front of Lauren in a very long time. "I've been holding it in for ages," she said, hastily kicking off her jeans to reveal it: a plain white adult nappy, the perfect size for a woman of Sam's slim stature, marked only by the company logo and a dark blue wetness indicator.

Seconds later the sodden nappy was on the ground, exposing an inside tinged with yellow. Sam didn't bother with the usual cleaning before a change; there simply wasn't time. She was well practiced at putting on nappies standing up, especially after months of doing it in public bathrooms or nightclub toilets, but even she was almost at her limit. Just before she closed and fastened the material, her resolve broke and a first hot spurt squirted out of her pussy and into the fabric. Then she pulled tight and the nappy was on... just in time. Sam's dam burst. She made no effort to hide a moan of the purest relief as she flooded the fresh nappy. Lauren was watching, an amused look on her face, but Sam couldn't see: within seconds her eyes closed and she gripped the edge of the table for support as the relief turned her knees weak.

"Fuck, that feels good," she confessed, "I am seriously not used to holding my wee in anymore!"

Sam had been wearing nappies since shortly after leaving home in her early twenties, and in that time she rarely had to hold in anything. On the few occasions when she really was forced to struggle to contain herself, the relief was often incredible.

"I know what you mean," said Lauren, who had never worn nappies but was always happy to indulge in the conversation, "there's nothing like a good pee-gasm. You know what the best ones are?"

"Tell me," said Sam, who was already coming to the end of her own relief. Though her urges could often be intense, she didn't have the bladder capacity to match, hence why she had opted to wear protection in the first place.

"You ever get it when you're so desperate that you start to dribble a bit when you get home? Not a lot, but, like... a few little leaks on the way to the toilet?"

"Uh-huh," said Sam, "oh, yeah, I get that a lot. Or at least, I used to."

Now finished, she reached down and stepped back into her jeans. This nappy would probably last until bedtime, but she knew she should change before falling asleep, just to be on the safe side. The wet one on the floor went directly in the bin. Lauren had no problem with wet ones going in the kitchen bin, but they both agreed that poo (even a tiny bit) was to be disposed of upstairs only.

Only now was Sam able to focus as well as she wanted to, and the smells of Lauren's cooking made Sam's mouth water. Her roommate was a well-travelled woman despite still being relatively young, and she would often cook something extra special for the two of them on Friday evenings when Sam got back from work. Today looked like it would be a spicy dish - which Lauren often joked that Sam should have no problem with, since she didn't have to rush to get to the toilet the next day.

Eventually, the taller woman left a lid on the pan and allowed it to simmer away. She poured them both a glass of white wine and sat down opposite Sam.

"It should be ready in twenty minutes, maybe fifteen," she said. "God, I hope the plumber is done soon, I really need the loo."

Sam winked at her friend. "You can always use one of my nappies," she said, only half-joking, "there's another spare in the cupboard still."

"Don't tempt me," said Lauren with a beautiful laugh, "One day I might just take you up on that offer."

————————————————

The sun was already high in the sky by the time Sam woke up. Her room, impeccably tidy as ever, was half-illuminated by the gap in the curtains she'd accidentally left open in her tired state the night before. Sunlight fell across her desk, on which her laptop was shut in the exact centre and her mouse lay parallel in the middle of its mat. In one corner, a pot of stationary was arranged by colour, next to a stack of post-it notes and a roll of sticky tape. She felt as if she had slept for half a day.

Like every morning, the first thing she did upon gaining consciousness was pay attention to her crotch, to see if she had woken up wet today. Nine out of ten times the answer was yes - and today was one of those times. Her nappy was still a little warm, so she could only assume she had wet herself quite recently, most likely during a vivid dream she remembered about being in the ocean and letting it all out. Sam lifted her duvet just a little to expose her naked body, perky breasts sticking up like twin hilltops, but her bedsheets were dry. There had been no leaks, much to her relief - it meant she didn't need to think about getting up for quite a while yet.

So, as had become her routine on a weekend day like this, Sam reached for the phone that was charging on her bedside table, angled precisely parallel with the edge of the bed. Her screen flashed to life and confirmed that it was well past ten in the morning. It was usually closer to eleven or even twelve before she took her first steps of the day. Instead, she would scroll through social media, games - any excuse to stay comfortable and warm beneath the covers.

It was a markedly different lifestyle to the one Sam had led for two decades until now. As a teenager, she'd grown accustomed to waking up in desperate need for a toilet - even if she had already wet the bed, as happened quite often back then too. No sooner did she wake up than she would be rushing for the bathroom. Since moving out, though, and embracing living with nappies full-time, she found herself in very little rush to go anywhere unless she absolutely had to. It was bizarrely freeing, and she never looked forward to the holidays, when she would return home and be forced to give it up for a couple of weeks.

Just as it did around this time every day, it wasn't long before a familiar sensation in Sam's belly made itself known. She wasn't a big person - just over five feet tall, and naturally skinny - but her bowels seemed to know how to produce the load of a much larger girl. When she needed to empty them, it was usually a sudden but pointedly urgent feeling - one that demanded to be taken care of soon.

This was one of those times, but Sam had no intention whatsoever of getting out of bed just yet. She kept scrolling through TikTok, giving most videos no more than a few seconds before deciding whether they were worth her time or not. Even when the pressure in her belly bloated and became what most people would consider an emergency, Sam didn't move a muscle save for her right thumb scrolling. The air outside her bed was cold and uncomfortable, and the only toilet she wanted was strapped tightly around her waist.

Only when the desperation became painful did Sam finally take action. Not taking her eyes off her phone screen for a second, she planted both feet flat on the mattress and lifted her bum off the bed, hovering six inches or so off the surface. Skinny as she was, not to mention a regular at the local gym, it was a position she found she could hold for nearly as long as she wanted. From there, all she had to do was relax.

From under the covers came the muffled crackling of letting go. Her tight hole stretched readily, welcoming the first thick log as it snaked out of her. Sam's expression offered no reaction other than the softest of breaths. She didn't have to push; her need had grown so urgent that the first long cylinder of poo simply dropped out of her hole and nestled in the nappy, crinkling against the soft material. Sam knew her own body well enough to know that she wasn't quite finished yet, so she squeezed her muscles and let out another, smaller piece that pressed against her skin, hot and sticky. Now her bowels felt empty. The relief was a welcome change from what had been discomfort and urgency just moments ago. She lowered her bum back onto the bed and breathed out again.

Then the warmth started to spread in her crotch. Sam didn't pay much attention to it. Even though she'd wet herself during the night, it was a simple fact of biology that she would empty her bladder pretty much every time she messed her nappy. She had been using this particular brand for almost a year - more than long enough to know how much they could usually hold. There was little risk of an overflow unless she was to pee into it for a third time.

Satisfied once more, Sam settled back into bed and fully refocussed her attention at her phone. She responded to a few messages she had missed overnight (and in the early hours of that morning), then did the online French lesson she made a point to complete every day even though she had no ambitions of actually moving to France. She checked Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter again, dropped by her email inbox (only a few spam messages, as per usual) and finally settled back on TikTok, looking for the rare gems that made wading through all the crappy content worthwhile.

By now it had been half an hour since she'd relieved herself. Faint odours had started to escape her nappy and drift across the room, out from beneath the covers and up toward her nostrils. They weren't pungent enough to be obvious to the untrained nose: a faint earthy aroma, a salty tang... but an experienced diaper wearer knew those smells very well. It didn't bother Sam. Her bedroom often smelt this way these days, and it was nothing a few minutes of an open window couldn't air out. Her housemate, Lauren, was similarly used to detecting such scents from her friend, but a stranger was unlikely to jump to those kinds of conclusions.

In the event, it was almost midday before Sam finally decided to climb out of bed - motivated more by hunger than anything else. She had a strict rule against food in the bedroom, in order to avoid the inevitable messes, but there would be plenty down in the kitchen to sink her teeth into. So she swung her legs one at a time over the edge of the bed and stood, careful not to spread her thighs too wide in case a gap might form between skin and nappy. In the mirror, Sam caught a glimpse of her nappy sagging heavily, almost halfway down the backs of her thighs, but the reliable material was doing its job and keeping everything contained. But for it, she was as naked as the day she was born.

The air on the landing was still tinged with a chill, the carpet fuzzy between her toes. Lauren was crossing from the direction of the bathroom, clad in loose cotton pyjamas with Stitch - from the old Disney movie - on the front. They seemed to be the only pair of pyjamas Lauren owned.

"Morning," Sam called cheerfully.

Lauren feigned shock and looked at an imaginary watch. "You're up before noon? Are you feeling okay?" she teased.

Sam ignored the jape. "Had to change out of this at some point," she said, gesturing toward her sagging nappy.

"Ah. Poo?" Lauren asked, unsurprised.

"Yep, big one."

"Well, there might be a bit of a smell in there already," confessed Lauren, "I just had my morning poo as well, and it wasn't small, put it that way." Lauren's dumps were even bigger than Sam's, most of the time - the only difference was that she almost always did hers in the toilet.

They parted ways, and Sam stepped into the bathroom - which, true to Lauren's word, still contained the lingering smell of shit. There she closed (but never locked) the door, before crossing the short space to turn on the shower. If a stranger was to see the upstairs bathroom Sam and Lauren shared, it wouldn't take a detective to work out that the room belonged to two female students: there were two electric toothbrushes by the sink, two boxes packed with cosmetics and hygiene products, two different brands of sanitary towels and rolls upon rolls of ultra-soft toilet paper. Lauren used most of the toilet paper; beside the rolls was a chunky cardboard box that stored most of Sam's nappies.

The sight reminded Sam of the diaper she was wearing at that very moment, which would need to come off before she got under the water. She lowered it slowly, gently, careful not to let any of the heavy contents fall onto the floor. Usually she would use the front of a used nappy to wipe away any excess fluids (or solids), but with the shower already starting to steam up, that hardly seemed necessary. Instead, she stepped out of the stinky heap on the floor, picked it up at the edges and dropped it into the bin in the corner of the room. The bin had been one of her first purchases after moving in; it was opened by a foot-operated pedal and, when closed, extremely effective at containing bad smells. Lauren was well aware not to open it unless she wanted a nostril full of day-old poo.

Under the water, Sam let the scolding stream pour over her shoulders and run down her back. She reached behind herself and used a finger to clean the last remnants of crap from between her cheeks. It came out easily, turning the water brown for just a second before vanishing down the drain.

When it was clear, she reached for the coconut-scented shampoo that she had been using for months. She sighed as she rubbed it in, feeling one last tablespoon of pee pushing at her exit. There was no sense holding it in. Sam spread her legs just a little wider and let go, unable to resist the temptation to steal a downward glance as the golden liquid trickled down her thighs and between her toes.

