A BUS THAT RUNS ON PEE

Author: ntiu_123

*000*2016-09-26 13:34

EPISODE ONE 

At five in the morning, Nick awoke from his slumber with a dreadful feeling in his gut. His bladder was full to aching point and his member locked in all the pee with stiff resistance. 

All night long, he had dreamt of going round and round in search of the men’s loo only to end up at a broken toilet or a locked restroom. What he dreaded most was going to work. 

Nick was an employee of “Eco Express” - a modern, eco friendly and cost effective public transportation service. Their fleet of buses operated solely on the contents of the driver’s bladder. 

This new technology required that the driver checked in for work without taking their morning pee. Before boarding the bus, a special device would scan the driver’s bladder and penis to check on the amount of urine in there. The device could measure and calculate the: 

(1) time when he took his last piss 

(2) The amount of urine in his bladder 

(3) How desperate he was. 9 out of 10 is the minimum scale of acceptance. One had to be desperate enough to lose control and squirt into one’s pants. 

If he wasn’t full on a scale of at least 9 out of 10, the bus wouldn't start and he would need to report to the manager and give an explanation as to why he wasn’t in for work with a full bladder. To make matters worse, his pay for the next two days would get chopped off and he would need to work overtime. Unpaid. Of course, needless to mention that his bladder needs to be full. 

It was only the hefty pay that attracted Nick to this job. The world was changing. People had become conscious about the environment and had opted for alternatives and this was one. Public transport that operated on a completely renewable resource. Energy waves from a full bladder. 

Modern science has it that the energy generated from a desperately full bladder was enough to power a bus. As of now, the number of recruits were barely a handful. Hence, Nick had to do full time. Once the strength grew enough to relieve him, he would be allowed to do a four hour shift. Hopefully! 

It was difficult for Nick to take a shower with a full bladder. It didn’t matter if the water was hot or cold. The prickly feeling of the liquid hitting his skin made him want to pee so bad. So bad that his penis stood up long and hard with the desperate hope of relief! But that relief was light years away. Ten hours away sort of! That’s how long his shift usually was! 

An hour later, Nick checked in for work. He could barely stand still as he stood in line and waited for his turn to get scanned by the device. He watched his desperate colleagues shuffling towards the apparatus and wondered if they were as desperate as him. Sure, they too haven’t taken their morning pees. But could they be as desperate as him? 

Finally, it was Nick’s turn. He feared that he would piss his pants any moment. He could feel the urine at the tip of his erect cock, fighting to get out. But he held on with all his might, squeezing his Kegel muscles so tight that he trembled from head to toe. 

“God I have to pee so bad,” he hissed desperately and held his crotch, wringing the tip of his dick and shifting uncomfortably on the spot as he did. “How am I going to hold it till night? Shit. I have to pee. Pee. Pee. Pee!” 

A plastic mould jutted out of the machine and sucked in his crotch with a soft WHUP. He hissed and jumped a bit, startled at how the device managed to suck in his penis as well. 

“Ahhhh. Ssss. Oh God. Ssss. Aaaa.” He hissed and moaned as the device throbbed and vibrated over his urinary organ and bladder. He crossed and uncrossed his legs with the desperate need to hold himself. But the mould was still over his crotch, throbbing. 

Now, the device slowly unzipped his pants, fished through his briefs and sucked in his naked, erect penis further. 

Nick doubled over and clenched his stomach as he fought to hold in the urine. “Oh God, shit. Shit. Shit. I need to pee. I need to pee. Please. Stop.” 

The device finally ejected him - his penis jutting out of his pants, the pink tip hard and exposed. Glad to be free, Nick stumbled a bit in his attempt to hold onto his dick. He pinched the tip shut as a couple of drops forced its way out. 

“Ssssss. Ahhh.” He quickly slid his hold up and down his erect organ to control the flow. Once he got a grip on himself, he stuffed his penis back inside, zipped up his pants and boarded the bus. 

The bus was already full with people. They had been watching the drivers getting scanned all along. 

Nick plopped down onto his seat, which was shaped like a bicycle seat and fanned his legs vigorously. He leaned forward and then back. He edged on his seat till he got control over his bladder. The seat was specially designed so that the penis jutted out from the crotch, just enough for the secondary device to latch onto. This was what started the engine and kept it running. 

The secondary device sprang up from under the steering wheel and punched over his erection. Nick shuddered a bit as the engine started up. 

He maneuvered the bus onto the streets and drove into heavy traffic. Will Nick make it through the day without wetting his pants? 

*006*2016-09-30 11:43

EPISODE 2 

“Control… control…” Nick assured himself in a low hiss as he quietly fanned his legs and waited at a traffic junction. The traffic was heavy and scary and he wondered if he’d be able to finish up his shift in ten hours. He leaned onto the wheel and jiggled a leg, praying that the lights would turn green sooner. He just couldn’t wait for this day to end, so that he could finally report to the manager and take a much needed leak. 

It was a rule that every employee had to report to their respective managers after work. The employee would be scanned to check the contents of their bladder. That was what determined their pay for the day. It had to clock in at minimum 101% to be eligible for pay. The lesser the content, the lesser the pay. 

Some employees would try to pull a fast one. Some of them would conveniently open the door and urinate onto the streets, or into a bottle. Then they would drink plenty of fluids to fill up their bladders. But this became problematic as passengers were forced to wait inside the bus till the driver filled up. 

Some on the other hand would lose control and wet their light grey pants during work. But with their new technology, all that stopped. The latching device, which latched onto their crotches to start the engine was programmed to let go only at the end of their shift. Till then, they had no go but to hold in all fluids. For those unfortunate many who couldn’t control their bladders, the device would alarm the respective manager back at the office. The employee would then be summoned and dealt with accordingly. 

So here was Nick, desperate to pee, fanning his legs to keep in the contents. That was all he could do. He wanted to hold himself and give his throbbing cock a hard squeeze. To relieve the intense pressure. But with the device over his member, there was nothing he could do other than squirm in his seat. “Come on hurry,” he groaned and bounced on his toes. The feeling of an immovable device over his aching cock was so uncomfortable. He badly needed to piss and there was nothing he could do to control the terrible ache in his bladder and penis. 

He squeezed his legs together, held onto his seat and edged vigorously as he felt the urine at the tip of his cock, pushing hard to get out. “Ssss… aahh…. Mmm…. God I need to pee so bad…” he hissed quietly. 

A passenger, a beautiful woman in her late 20’s, sitting right across him, saw this. In fact, she had been watching him for quite a while. Months, rather. She used to board this bus daily just to see Nick. Just to get a clear view of his big and beautiful cock. His bloated bladder and his desperate squirms. She wildly fantasized on the day she could cradle that moist, throbbing cock in her mouth and suck it. She would finger herself dreaming of spending the night with him in her. And tonight, she was determined to make it happen. 

She watched him relax a bit and settle on to his seat. Possibly, the strong wave of desperation that had hit him a while ago had died down. For the time being! Yet, he continued to fan his legs, just to relieve the uncomfortable fullness in his bladder. 

Nick straightened up a bit as the signal turned green. He began to drive with a sweaty sheen all over his face. His eyes turned watery as another huge wave of desperation hit him. He knew that he had reached his threshold. Sooner or later, he would end up wetting himself. His bladder was full. Beyond capacity. He could hold no more and wanted to pee. 

She watched him jump abruptly on his seat as the first squirt escaped from his penis. 

“Shit!” He hissed and began to bounce on his bottom in a desperate attempt to control himself. Though it was pointless, he still held onto the latching device. He so badly wanted to hold his dick and squeeze it. 

The woman was close enough to overhear a loud but short lived rushing sound. The sound of hot urine squirting long and hard into his briefs. Nick clamped his legs shut and clenched his abdomen and bladder, trembling all over in the desperate attempt to lock in the urine. He couldn’t even drive. All what he could do was struggle! Struggle to hold in the large amounts of piss in his bladder. 

The latching device beeped twice as his urine soaked through his briefs and began to show up on his pants as a large wet spot. 

The woman got up, came over and stood beside him. Nick threw a quick glance at her as she slid a hand over his leg and on the premises of his crotch. She leaned forward and whispered in his ear. “Don’t give up. Hold on. And I’ll reward you well tonight.” 

Nick looked into her eyes briefly and noticed them twinkling. 

