Even Stevens Double Wetting!

Author: Nineteen

*000*2020-07-28 23:49

So this is the first fic I've written in... basically forever. Those of you who follow my profile or have read my stuff in the past will know I used to be quite the prolific author, but I think I've been away for something like... a year? Maybe two? Anyways, it was not inspiration, exactly, that brought me back, but @LifeIsStrange

, who gave me an excellent show to watch and an idea for a fanfiction that they really wanted written. I'm very proud of the result and excited to work on a part two, and I hope you all like the way this story came out as much as I do.

...

“Listen Louis,” Ren warned through gritted teeth, “if you want me to tutor you, I need you to concentrate.”

Louis nodded vacantly, staring into the middle distance and thinking about a conversation between him and Tawny earlier that day. Tawny had been unimpressed by Louis’ impression of Mike Myers brought on by a cat based metaphor in her most recent poem. He smiled as he remembered curbing Tawny’s chastisement with a well placed carrot--placed well, that is, into his nasal cavity. His daydream was brought to an early end by Ren, whose snapping fingers brought him crashing back to reality.

“Were you even listening?” she asked irritably.

“Of course,” Louis lied, smiling unconvincingly. “You were just explaining the, uh… you know, the effect that the Declaration of Independence had on the European economic… uh… thingy.”

“We’re studying math.” Ren stared daggers at Louis, who smiled benignly back.

“Right,” he said slowly. Then, much more quickly, “I’m going to go to the bathroom.” He darted out of his seat and towards the door of the empty classroom.

“Louis!” Ren complained. “You’ve already gone three times!”

Louis stopped at the door and turned back towards Ren with a fake, pained expression on his face. “You know this school’s cafeteria food,” he said, grimacing. “It just goes right through you.” Then, ignoring Ren’s further protests, he stepped out into the hallway.

Ren sat patiently in the silence of the classroom for five minutes before she began to plot revenge against Louis for wasting her time. If Louis wanted to fail his classes, fine. He could do that perfectly well without dragging her away from her own studies, but it was fine. What bothered her was that his out-of-place historical monologue was a perfect summary of what they had discussed in their last study session, which told her that Louis was perfectly capable of paying attention and understanding what Ren was trying to teach him, he simply didn’t apply himself. What Louis really needed, Ren was sure, was a distraction free environment.

When the bell rang, Ren knew what she had to do. All she needed was a meeting with Principal Wexler.

…

“Ren, you’ve gotta be kidding.”

Ruby caught up with Ren just as she was leaving at the end of the day.

“I don’t have the foggiest idea what you’re talking about,” Ren said, turning away with her nose in the air.

“I heard down the grapevine that you gave Wexler some crazy idea about limited bathroom time,” Ruby accused, hurrying to keep up as Ren walked away.

“Not time,” Ren corrected, turning to face her friend, “just uses. You can go once, for as long as you want.”

“Not better,” Ruby grumbled. “This’ll be trouble, I just know it.”

“No, I’m absolutely certain that this idea will work out for the better,” Ren argued. “Less time wasted in the bathroom means more time focused on assignments, projects, extra-curriculars, and best of all, it means that certain slackers--” Ren’s eyes searched the hallway behind Ruby, “--will have to stay still for five seconds and actually start living up to their full potential.”

“Well, first of all,” Ruby retorted, “most of my time in the bathroom isn’t ‘wasted,’ it’s spent doing my business.” Ren smiled ruefully. “And second, this is a bit extreme, isn’t it? Just to get back at your little brother?”

“Who said I was doing this to get back at Louis?”

“You did,” Ruby explained. “‘Certain slackers?’ Who else would you be talking about?”

“There are plenty of slackers that use bathroom trips as an excuse to get out of work. Louis might be the worst offender, but he is not the only one who will benefit from a bit of…” Ren paused, searching for the words. “...assisted focusing.”

And with that, Ren walked through the front door, leaving Ruby to ponder how anyone could convince bathroom time an unessential commodity.

…

Louis’ first period the next morning was awash with rumors and complaints. Tawny commented on the way in that all the whispers sounded like a breeze through a meadow before going mysteriously silent. The teacher sat at his desk, reading silently and throwing dirty looks at anyone brave or foolish enough to raise their voice above a whisper, but had long since given up the notion of shutting the class up completely. As soon as Louis took a seat, Twitty got up from his desk and moved to a seat closer to his friend so they could discuss the new policy. Tawny sat in front of them, saying nothing and looking at the floor.

“I can’t believe your sister is behind this,” Twitty exclaimed, cringing as he received an especially scathing look from the teacher. When the teacher looked away, he resumed in a whisper. “I might have expected this from Larry Beale, but not Ren. She’s finally lost it, I swear.”

Louis responded with a comically bad impression of Jim Carey, appropriately, losing it, which came to a sudden stop when he realized Tawny wasn’t even looking up. “Yeah,” he said, clearing his throat. “Yeah, I think it might be my fault.”

Twitty threw up his hands in an of course it’s your fault, why wouldn’t it be your fault kind of way, but Louis just laughed.

“No, listen,” Louis reassured, “it was great. I beat my record yesterday.”

“What?” Twitty said, looking taken aback. Lowering his voice even further and leaning towards Louis, he asked, “More than three times?”

Louis held up four fingers and Twitty grinned in awe. As Louis leaned back in his seat basking in his accomplishment, Tom took a seat next to them with an awkward wave.

“Hi Louis,” he said. Louis ignored him. “Hi Twitty,” Tom whispered. Twitty waved halfheartedly. “Hey Tawny,” Tom said, addressing the back of Tawny’s neck. Tawny turned and gave him a half-hearted smile that turned into a grimace as she turned back towards her desk. Suddenly, Louis realized something.

“Does anybody know why Tawny’s being so quiet?”

Although Tawny continued to look resolutely away from them, all three of the boys could see the back of her neck turn red as she blushed in response to the question. After a long moment, Tawny turned to face them, putting on a brave attempt at a carefree smile.

“What do you mean?” Tawny asked. “I’m just…” She tapped her foot restlessly in a way that Louis suspected had nothing to do with her search for the right excuse. “I’m just trying to be more positive.” When this answer did little to satisfy Louis, Tawny went quiet again as she searched for a better explanation. “I’m trying to be more positive, but… but this policy is testing me a little bit and you know what they say: ‘If you don’t have anything nice to say, don’t say anything at all,’ right?” The words rushed out of her mouth as she finished her sentence, and once she had finished speaking she turned back towards the front of the room.

The boys exchanged a look, but before they could say anything, Tawny piped up again. “And…” she said, wheeling around slowly. “And today was a bad day for this policy to start, because I had my tea tasting club before school.”

“We have a tea tasting club?” Louis chimed in.

“Yes,” Tawny said flatly, “and it’s usually the highlight of my day. But today, it meant I was at school before Tugnut, and I missed my chance to get one of the bathroom passes.”

Tawny looked ashamed and angry in equal measure, looking back and forth between Louis and Twitty as though daring them to say something about how it was her fault. Twitty looked quickly away, but Louis’ eyes were stuck squarely on Tawny’s hands, which he suddenly noticed were clamped firmly between her legs. He looked up at her, amazed at the predicament.

“Uh…” he said stupidly. “Uh…”

Tawny stared at him, irritation mounting. “Would you knock it off?” she snapped. “Sometimes, people have to--” she faltered for a moment, embarrassed, but recovered quickly. “--to pee. Get over it.”

“I’m just trying to think of a plan to get you into the bathroom,” Louis said quickly. Mollified, Tawny looked away. “And I think I’ve got something.”

“Okay,” Tawny urged, motioning for him to continue.

“Okay,” Louis explained. “If Tugnut had the bathroom passes this morning, he must have extras, right?”

Tawny raised her eyebrows incredulously.

“Or,” Tom chimed in, “Tawny could just take mine!”

Tawny nodded, and both of them stared expectantly at Louis, who seemed to be deep in thought.

“Here Tawny,” Tom said, fishing in his bag for his pass. “I don’t really like to go to the bathroom at school anyway. I get nervous.”

After a moment, Tom found his pass and extended it towards Tawny, who reached out a hand to accept it. Before she could grab it, though, Louis slapped Tom’s hand away with a deafening “NO!” that drew a deadly look from the teacher.

Unabashed, Louis began to whisper hurriedly through his plan. “Look, if we steal all the extras from Tugnut’s office, we could go to the bathroom as many times as we want!” Tom looked hesitant, but Tawny’s face bore a look of dawning comprehension. “We could sell them!” Louis continued.

“We could hand them out to anyone who really needed them,” Tawny pushed back. “We could start an underground resistance. We could save the entire student population from this crazy tyrannical policy!”

Louis did his best to look excited, rather than put out, at the idea of giving away the passes for free, but Tawny was clearly too lost in her thoughts to notice.

When the bell rang, all thoughts of bladder discomfort were forgotten as Tawny dragged Louis away through the throngs of children towards Coach Tugnut’s office.

“I’ll catch up with you later!” Louis shouted over his shoulder at Twitty, who stood still for a moment, nonplussed at the way things had gone, before heading off towards his next class.

Before they had made it halfway to the office, Tawny was waddling, rather than walking, and by the time they reached Tugnut’s door, she was squirming in place, but undeterred, pushed it open anyway and made her way inside.

Louis followed her in, smiling placidly. He was privately quite pleased with the way things had gone. He had a chance to make a fool of his sister and Coach Tugnut in one fell swoop, and on top of that, he got to spend more time with Tawny. As Tawny searched Tugnut’s mercifully empty office with increasing desperation, Louis stood just inside the door, reflecting on his enormous good fortune.

Tawny’s bladder was screaming as she pulled open drawers and cabinets one-handed, with the other jammed tightly into her crotch. She hopped from foot to foot, squeezing back growing waves of desperation as she hunted for bathroom passes that, truthfully, might not even be there. No, she told herself firmly, no, they had to be here. There was no time for thoughts like that. Her fellow students needed those passes. She needed those passes… worse with every passing second.

As she switched sides of the desk, her foot caught on one of the drawers she hadn’t bothered to close behind her, and she lurched forward, coming uncomfortably close to falling before she caught herself on the corner of the desk. Her bladder, less than thrilled with the sudden motion, shuddered angrily, and before Tawny could do anything about it, she had let a squirt of pee into her green shorts. Keeping her free hand on the desk, she crossed one leg over the other and bent desperately, trying to avoid any further humiliation.

Louis, awakened from his fantasies by Tawny’s sudden trip, heard the heavy footsteps at the last possible second. “Hide!” he whispered urgently at Tawny, whose eyes, which had been squeezed shut in desperate agony only moments earlier, shot open as she realized what was happening. “Hide, now! Under the desk!” Ignoring her bladder’s protestation, Tawny dove under the desk, joined seconds later by Louis, who slid over her (landing elbow first on her stomach and forcing another large jet of pee through her already damp shorts) just as the door to the office opened. Tugnut was humming happily to himself as he took a seat in his office chair and took his phone off the receiver, completely oblivious to the two teens hiding under his desk. After punching a few keys, he began to talk into the handset, chatting animatedly about the football team’s chances in the state championship that year.

“Louis…” Tawny whimpered.

“Shh,” hushed Louis, who had just spotted the bathroom passes where Coach Tugnut had set them on the desk when he walked in. Of course they couldn’t find them before--they hadn’t even been in here.

“Louis,” Tawny whined, “I don’t think I’m going to make it.”

Louis’ eyes widened as he looked from Tawny’s face to her crotch, already wet with the two spurts of pee she had been unable to hold in and practically bulging from the pressure of the pee she had yet to release. She hid it from view with both hands as she squeezed back the flood, but she already knew she couldn’t hold on much longer.

“You’ll make it soldier,” Louis whispered, and with a sudden upsurge of courage, he reached up over the desk and snagged two handfuls of bathroom passes. Coach Tugnut, whose back was turned, noticed nothing. Louis held one of the bathroom passes out to Tawny, who took it tearfully. “Hold on just a little longer,” he said in a silly fake army voice that, at the moment, was not nearly enough to distract Tawny from the humiliation she knew was just moments away. “We’ve got to get these back to the people.”

Tawny tried--really, she did--but she already knew it wouldn’t be enough. She focused all her might on keeping her bladder muscles tight and her shorts dry--or at least, as dry as they could be, under the circumstances. She massaged herself with both hands and squeezed every few seconds, but when she tried to cross her legs only to find that they were stuck on either side of Louis in the tiny desk space, she knew it was over. She tried to stay silent as humiliated tears rolled down her face, but despite her best efforts, a quiet sob escaped her as she finally let go. With a tiny hiss, her bladder began to empty--in small, reluctant squirts at first, but then in larger and larger spurts, culminating in one huge river of pee, that turned to a lake on the ground beneath her and Louis.

She kept her eyes closed as her bladder emptied itself, and for several long moments after. She heard Tugnut hang up the phone and get to his feet, and when she opened her eyes, he had already left. Louis was standing straight up, and she could see a spot on his knee where the pee had filled the cramped space between them and soaked into his pants as well. She dried her eyes and stood up, but nearly burst into tears again when she felt droplet after droplet of rapidly cooling pee drip down the back of her legs. She stared miserably at the floor, avoiding both Louis’ eyes and the giant puddle she had left under the desk. She wondered vaguely what Tugnut would make of it, then what her partner in crime must think of her. She finally looked up at Louis’ face, she found him smiling, rather than sneering or looking disgusted. She took this as an encouraging sign.

“What’s so funny?” she asked, startled for a moment at how hoarse her voice sounded. It was like she had been sitting in silence for hours, rather than minutes.

“It’s like Billy Madison,” he replied happily.

“It’s like what?” Tawny asked, finding a spark of her usual snark.

“It’s like Billy Madison. The Adam Sandler movie.”

“I’ve never even heard of that,” Tawny responded, smiling weakly at the look of false horror on Louis’ face.

“Never heard of--well that’s just not right.” He took a step closer to Tawny, who flinched away, still ashamed of her accident. “It’s okay,” he said, showing her his hands in a sort of peace gesture, then reaching one around her and putting an arm around her shoulder. “I think,” he said, steering her to the door and peeking out, “that we should be good to make a break for the locker rooms.” He smiled reassuringly at her. “Everyone else will be in class, so we can head down that way,” he pointed down the hallway, “and grab a pair of my gym shorts. They might not smell nice…” Tawny wrinkled her nose playfully, suddenly feeling much better. No one would have to know that she had wet herself, and Louis was being uncharacteristically cool about the whole thing. This had turned out better than expected. Smiling gently, Tawny let Louis lead her down the hall towards a stinky, pee-free pair of gym shorts.

…

Ruby, on the other hand, was having no such pleasant interactions. Her best friend was sitting next to her, diligently taking notes and completely oblivious to Ruby’s plight--one that she had inadvertently caused. As Ruby watched the seconds tick by with agonizing leisure, her bladder gave a cruel spasm and she was forced to lean forward to relieve the pressure for a moment. She ground her teeth and tried not to look too terribly uncomfortable as she contemplated what had gotten her into this situation.

The moment she walked into school this morning, she had sensed drama brewing. As she passed by the bathrooms on the way to class, she watched a group of girls walk in whispering frantically to one another, so naturally, she spent her bathroom pass immediately to see what they were so excited about. What she had received in exchange was a juicy tidbit about Donnie Stevens… that she already knew. Disappointed, she had dramatically left the bathroom without even using it, and thus her bathroom pass was wasted. Now, a mere two hours later, she was regretting that decision. Of course, she could hold it, but it wouldn’t be comfortable. She tried not to think about the five hours between her and her toilet at home, but it was difficult, and without meaning to, she discouraged herself further by doing the math and tacking on an extra hour for the bus ride. She sighed heavily, then sat up straight, smiling falsely and making a mental note to feed Ren some false piece of gossip as payback.

…

Lunch was an endeavor. Ruby fought the urge to throw her lunch at the woman who insisted she take an extra milk because they were about to expire, but when the moment had passed, she satisfied herself with the knowledge that she didn’t actually have to drink it… but did anyway, mere moments later, while she was distracted by news of Tawny Dean’s weird, baggy shorts, which she was rumored to be wearing because Ren’s pee policy had already made her lose control. Pleased with the news that she was at least doing better than someone, Ruby dumped her leftovers in the garbage, not even realizing that she had already polished off an extra carton of milk.

The fact that she drank more than necessary went blissfully unacknowledged until seventh period, when one of her best gossip informants told her people thought she had been acting strangely all day, and she had to stop and consider why. Suddenly, with a lurch, her bladder reminded her that it was carrying excess liquid, and Ruby lied through clenched teeth and a watery smile that she had simply been suffering from a sore back.

She made her way to the bus after class at a snail’s pace, stopping intermittently to rub her thighs together or re-clench her bladder. It would be fine, she told herself. She knew her limits, and this was nowhere near them. Even so…

Taking a detour at the hallway before the front doors, Ruby hobbled to the nearest bathroom, where Coach Tugnut waited, grinning stupidly at her.

“What’s the matter?” he asked. “Hurt your ankle with all that running you did in gym class today?”

Ruby glared at him. They both knew she hadn’t done any running in gym that day--she had been too caught up in a conversation about Principal Wexler’s secret career as a Broadway actor. “I was just thinking…” she started, but Tugnut cut her off.

“No pass,” he said smugly, “no bathroom. And I saw you use yours earlier.”

“But the school day is over!” Ruby argued.

“Not yet, it’s not,” Tugnut fired back. “Not until all the sports teams are done practicing.”

Ruby gaped at him; he must have been doing this just to torture her. In fact, the more she thought about it the more it seemed impossible that there could be any other reason. She stormed away--well, waddled away, keeping her knees tightly together and her hands clenched at her hips. She’d show Tugnut. She’d make it all the way home and pee in her own toilet. She’d show him just how strong she could be, by flexing her bladder muscles and holding it for the entire bus-ride home.

But the moment she got on the bus, she realized just how difficult that was going to be. Her usual seat, saved for her by fellow gossip-mongers, had been taken by Larry Beale, and the only seat available was a tiny one-seater over the bus' back wheel. As soon as she sat down, her bladder screamed, and there was nothing she could do to relieve the pressure: with her feet on the wheel well, her knees were stuck at chest height, and her bladder was pinched in a way that made it feel twice as full. She squirmed, but she could feel Beale’s eyes on the back of her head and knew that if she resorted to holding herself, she would never live it down.

By the first stop, Ruby was bobbing her knees side to side to try and keep any pressure she could off her bladder. By the second stop, she was sweating. By the third stop, she had crossed one leg over the other so that their combined height hid her burning face from the rest of the bus. By the fourth stop, she couldn’t sit still. By the fifth stop, Ruby didn’t care if Larry Beale saw her and shoved both hands between her legs to hold on for dear life. By the sixth stop, she was wishing for a bottle.

As the bus went on with an agonizing, unbearable lack of urgency, Ruby started to feel sure she wouldn’t make it. She alternated between looking at her watch and looking at the crotch of her jeans to ensure that no pee had leaked into them without her noticing. At points, she became dimly aware of Beale and his lackeys guffawing, maybe at her predicament, maybe at a joke at Ren’s expense. Ruby was far past caring, and focused only on her own situation.

As the minutes ticked by and the bus left the city, the distance between stops became longer, but the transit became almost unbearable, as the bus hit bump after bump after bump, bucking like a bronco in an apparent attempt to make her lose control. She whimpered and whined and pleaded with herself in undertones and whispers, all the time telling herself just one more minute, just a couple minutes more, just a little longer. But, after a while, her body was not convinced. She knew she was at the bursting point, and she knew that she wouldn’t be home for another twenty minutes.

Closing her eyes and sitting up as straight as she could manage, she relaxed just a little. That was enough for her bladder, which took the inch gratefully and then another mile by force, shooting pee through the crotch of Ruby’s pants with no remorse or hesitation. She heard it hissing as it soaked the butt of her jeans, then filled up the bus seat and began to dribble onto the floor with pitter-patters that, to her, seemed louder than any noise the bus made. She imagined the scornful faces of Larry Beale and his idiot friends, of coach Tugnut, of Ren, whose stupid productivity scheme caused this whole situation, and was surprised to find her body heating up with a sort of shameful pleasure. She held her eyes closed, reveling in the racing of her heart and the soaked feeling of her pants before opening her eyes.

A quick glance at her watch revealed that almost five minutes had passed. The time that had dragged on while she was desperate had flown while she was relieving herself. She sat up a little straighter and turned in her seat to make eye contact with Beale, whose eyes flickered between hers and the puddle she had just made on the floor. She felt her face flush pink, but didn’t look away until Beale started pointing the mess out to his friends. She turned back around in her seat and once again felt the strange thrill of knowing that, by tomorrow, she would be the subject of everyone’s gossip. Her humiliation would be immortalized by the talk of every student at the school, and for some reason, she liked the idea.

After that, her stop seemed to come in no time at all, and she stood up to get off the bus well before her pants had had a chance to dry. She felt her legs drawing stares and laughs and whispers as she walked down the row to the front, but did nothing to hide her wetness. She thanked the bus driver for the ride and took her time climbing down the stairs so the onlookers would have a few more moments to take in her accident. As she reached the curb in front of her house, she looked out over her driveway and realized her mother’s car was parked there. Her moment of euphoria died like a flame under water as she walked slowly up to her house. What would her mother think?

...

So there you go! If you really super liked it, feel free to let me know and check out my other stuff! If you really super hated it, I'd also like to hear that too--I appreciate constructive criticism! And if you want to read a version where everyone makes it, you can check out this story

, also commissioned by @LifeIsStrange

! Keep an eye out for part two and have a great day!

