A VERY Long Day In Dunwall

Author: Nineteen

*000*2017-03-07 01:09

Alright, real talk time. Dishonored 2 is not as good as its predecessor. In fact, I don't think it even comes close. The characters are one-dimensional and the gameplay doesn't work in the more wide-open environments of the new game. The opening cutscene was kind of a bad omen for the rest of the game as the dialogue was forced and awkward and said by Corvo. Corvo isn't supposed to talk! I, however, decided that maybe the awkwardness could be explained away with one of my favorite things- omorashi! Maybe Emily needed to pee. Anyways, I typed it up in Google Docs first, so that's why the font is Times New Roman. It's a little long, but I hope you'll give it a shot and enjoy.

Today was going to be a very, very long day. After all, this was the fifteenth anniversary of her mother’s death… but for once, that wasn’t the main thing on her mind. Today, her biggest concern was her rapidly filling bladder. Emily Kaldwin needed to pee. She needed to pee badly. Part of her was thankful for the distraction from the difficult day ahead of her, but the majority of her simply wanted her bladder emptied. Sadly, she didn’t see any opportunity for allowing that side of her to win out, so instead, she steeled herself and continued to walk towards the double doors ahead of her.

She took a deep breath and looked up at the banners above the entrance before continuing forward and bringing her eyes back to the woman in front of her- her faithful guardian Alexi Mayhew. The thought of the huge amount of people that would be watching her in just a few moments made Emily shiver, which, in turn, caused her bladder to spasm a little. Emily hastily clamped her legs together, nearly stumbling from the sudden motion. Thankfully, Alexi caught her.

“Watch your step, Majesty,” Alexi said kindly, smiling softly at her slightly fidgeting empress.

“I am not looking forward to all the ceremony today,” Emily grumbled, shaking her head.

Alexi offered no words of advice and simply pressed an item firmly into Emily’s (mildly sweaty) hand.

“Your signet ring,” she explained, closing the empress’ fingers around it. “There. You’re ready.”

Emily thanked her guard before ordering her to open the doors, taking one final opportunity to squeeze her legs together before coming into full view of all her guests. A crier announced her arrival and a dull sound of approval filled the room. Summoning all the authority she could muster, she addressed them, attempting to gain all of her guests’ attention.

“Loyal subjects, we are going through a difficult time,” she lamented, “but today we honor my mother- the late Jessamine Kaldwin. May her memory survive through the ages!” Her guests and subjects afforded her one solitary second of quiet before the din returned to the hall and she resumed her walk towards the throne at the far end of the room. She had only taken a few steps, however before her progress was interrupted by the Lord Protector- Corvo Attano.

“Emily-” he managed.

“You look tired, father,” she replied as casually as she could, praying to the Outsider that no one was watching her as she squeezed her legs together once more. They began to walk towards the throne together.

“Every year I think that the anniversary of Jessamine’s death will be easier,” he explained bitterly, “but it never is.”

Emily shook her head. “I wish mother was still the empress,” especially right now, “I don’t think I’m very good at this.” That part was completely true.

“You’re still learning,” he replied. “Don’t worry about the rabble rousers. And we’ll catch the ‘Crown Killer’... eventually.”

“People are saying it’s you. That these murders are a misguided attempt to protect me.” Emily doubted that, personally, but she was trying desperately to keep her mind off her bladder and the conversation from ending in awkward silence.

“No,” Corvo answered irritably, “somebody is trying to make us look guilty by targeting your enemies.”

“I wish I could just run away from all this.” Emily said quietly. And find a privy to use…

“Sometimes you do,” Corvo answered knowingly. “You think I don’t know about your nights out on the rooftops?” Emily sighed. Well I did… “Courage. The ceremony will be over soon.” Maybe not soon enough. Emily thought, rubbing her legs together and shifting slightly, trying to find a comfortable position.

Corvo bent to place a rose next to the altar made to honor Emily’s mother. Emily had a rose of her own, but thought that bending over might be a bad decision, considering her situation. Instead, she used the chance to squeeze herself with her hand while her father’s attention was turned elsewhere. After a moment, to fill the silence, Emily joked “Royal Protector and father. I should’ve outlawed that combination of titles years ago.” She grimaced at the low quality of the quip, but her mind was elsewhere and her wit was hardly at an all time high. Corvo seemed not to notice.

Turning to continue their walk to the throne, Emily was alarmed to encounter a small set of stairs leading to a dais where the seat was located. Of course she had been aware of the stairs. She supposed she had just taken them for granted until now. She ascended them as gracefully as she could with her legs pressed tightly together, but despite the cautionary measure, a wave of desperation nearly tripped her again before she reached the top. She made it, nonetheless, and took her seat on the throne, thankful for the chance to get off her feet for only a moment before the newly added pressure to her bladder caused her discomfort to return with a vengeance. She shifted once, then twice, attempting to find a comfortable position before giving up and crossing her legs, one over the other. As little comfort as it offered, she hoped it would help her keep her quickly filling bladder in check.

The young empress sat anxiously in her throne, biting her lip softly as Mortimer Ramsey, an officer in the city watch, informed her of an unexpected visitor- the duke of Serkonos. She had put up with the duke before and was in no mood to put up with him now. After all, her mind was elsewhere. I hope he’s quick about it this time, Emily thought, shifting once more in her seat as the duke was escorted into the room… and the voice of her father was drowned out by the clicks and whirs of something she had never seen before.

“Mechanical soldiers?” she murmured, the pain in her abdomen temporarily forgotten, “Amazing…” Emily’s father, however, was less impressed.

“What is this, Ramsey?” questioned the Lord Protector. “I didn’t authorize those things.” Emily’s awe was replaced by dismay as she realized what her father meant- the destructive potential of such machines was unthinkable. Another wave of desperation accompanied her newfound fear and caused her to tense up. No one seemed to notice.

The duke was saying something, but Emily’s attention was now completely focussed on those metal death machines that now filled her throne room and on another pressing issue- dangerous or not, the situation would be difficult to live down in the eyes of the public if she wet herself. She shifted yet again, hoping no one was paying attention to her growing restlessness. She turned her attention back to the duke, only to realize that he had finished speaking. Her father looked at her expectantly.

“We thank you, your grace.” She struggled to keep her voice steady and extended a hand in an attempt to show the confidence that her voice could not. Another wave of desperation hit and she tensed up again, her unextended hand balling into a fist on her lap.

“Save your thanks,” the duke replied. “For now, I give you the greatest gift of all- family. I present the lost sister of Jessamine Kaldwin and your rightful empress.” Emily stared, bemused, as the duke gestured grandly to the litter that had arrived with him, from which stepped a woman that Emily had never seen before.

“Impossible!” exclaimed Corvo.

“My mother had a sister?” Emily wondered aloud as the woman turned toward the throne and her in it.

“My dearest niece,” she began in a strange, distorted voice. Despite the intensity of the situation, Emily was once again dragged out of the moment by her increasing need to empty her bladder. Another wave of desperation swept over her, worse than the ones that came before, but all eyes were on her and she could only tense up and hope it passed without incident. To her surprise and great displeasure, though, her bladder began to push harder, with nothing obstructing it or keeping it from emptying. Her pee-hole began to dribble.

The strange woman continued to talk for a moment before turning away and taking the eyes of Emily’s guests with her. Emily gratefully seized the opportunity to give herself a squeeze, putting an end to the droplets of urine that had begun to escape her. Emily tuned back in just in time to hear the woman conclude her address and find the words to answer her.

“If you really are my mother’s sister,” she informed her supposed aunt, “you’re welcome to stay as long as you like.”

“Little sparrow, blackened by bad memories,” the woman chided, “I’m here to relieve you of your crown.” The woman continued to speak as Emily eyed her up incredulously, then turned her attention back to the hulking mechanical soldiers down the steps from her dais. If she’s serious, she could easily do what she intends to if those things really work, Emily thought. The woman seemed to be addressing Corvo now, but Emily was once again distracted by the pain in her bladder. As the urine that filled her begged once again for release, the woman seemed to notice Emily’s predicament and locked eyes with the empress, refusing to look away.

Sweat began to bead on Emily’s forehead as hot pee battered the dam that was the only thing keeping her dry. Just as it seemed she was about to burst, however, the woman turned back to the crowd surrounding the dais, and Emily squeezed herself once again, this time keeping her hand between her legs as she folded them one over the other.

“Hear me, all of you,” the woman said with finality. “Your rightful empress has returned.” Emily would normally scoff at such a feeble attempt to convince the masses of the woman’s right to rule, but instead she was floored as her guards and the mechanical ones alike raised their swords in recognition of the new empress’ rule. The duke of Serkonos began to speak, telling the guards to arrest Emily and her father for the Crown Killer murders. We’ve been set up. This was all planned, Emily realized as Corvo pulled out his sword. The mark on the Lord Protector’s hand glowed and a moment later, the guards in front of them were dead and his sword was planted in the heart of the treasonous woman.

The woman simply pulled the sword out, however, and cast a spell that encased Corvo in a strange magical restraint.

“Father!” Emily cried, leaping up and ignoring the protest from her bladder. She felt a hand close around her arm and turned around to see Ramsey holding her. She punched him, but he shook it off and threw her off the dais, knocking the wind out of her and a frightfully large amount of urine as well. Rolling over and crossing her legs to stem the flow, she saw the strange woman pulling the mark from her father’s hand. The restraint disappeared and he collapsed- it was all she could do to catch him. They stood up together, although Emily regained her feet more cautiously. Another leak like that could be the end of me. Or… my pants, at least.

Looking around, Emily could see that she and Corvo were surrounded on every side. Their only option was to fight their way out. Just as she turned to attack her nearest foe, the woman casted a spell that traveled across the floor to her protector before climbing up his body, turning him into some sort of living statue.

“No!” Emily cried, once again ignoring the complaints from her bladder as she leapt at the witch that had frozen her father. The woman drove a kick perfectly into Emily’s bladder and as she fell to the floor, a huge spurt of hot pee escaped her, wetting her pants to the middle of her right thigh. She managed to hold back the rest, but she was only able to regain a sitting position before the strange woman summoned over Ramsey, who’s boot was the last thing she saw before passing out.

. . .

When Emily came to, she had no idea how much time had passed, but she knew from her surroundings that she was in her quarters. She also knew that her bladder had becoming unbearably full while she was unconscious- in fact, she found it hard to believe she hadn’t peed in her sleep. When she tried to regain her footing, she found that she could barely stand up straight without enormous waves of desperation wracking her body. She knew there was a privy only one room over, but if she used it and Ramsey returned to find her conscious, he would make sure she didn’t stay that way. By the time she awoke again, she would be in Coldridge prison, where her chances of escaping were little to none. No, she needed to get out of here now.

She began to walk towards the nearest door, only to be stopped by a small squirt of pee that dampened her (now dry) panties. When she reached the door, she found it locked and groaned quietly and did a little pee dance, trying again to find comfort where there was none to be found. Once she realized this, she turned to look at her only other means of exit- the window. After an agonizingly slow walk to the other side of the room, she forced the window open and climbed out gingerly, stopping halfway through to get her aching bladder under control. After reaching the ledge outside, she stood up as straight as she could and jammed her hand into her crotch, begging her bladder not to spasm and send pee cascading down the rocks below- or, even worse, her whole body.

She shuffled slowly to the next window and opened it as quietly as she could, stepping carefully back into the tower. Once she reached steady ground, her bladder, having fulfilled its end of the bargain, went into overdrive, releasing a spurt of pee that created a large, plainly visible wet spot on the crotch of Emily’s pants. After several seconds of agonizing squirts and drips, her bladder calmed down for a moment, and she was able to survey her surroundings. A few feet down the hall, sitting in a pool of blood, was Alexi. Emily gasped and used one hand to cover her mouth before immediately removing it because it smelled like urine.

She ventured over to the girl and steeled herself as she bent to pick up the Lord Protector’s sword, covered in her blood, and a summons to a ship meant for Emily’s father. She paused to whisper an apology to the corpse of her faithful servant before moving on. Further down the hallway, she encountered something she had hoped she wouldn’t- a guard. They’ve surely been given orders to kill me on sight, Emily thought. She had no idea who this man was, but her father had taught her a thing or two and she knew she couldn’t kill him. He was only following orders, after all. She had seen her father choke out men bigger than this one time and time again- the scent of her urine dampened sleeves and hands might even speed the process along.

She crept along the hallway, stopping only once to squeeze her legs together in hopes of keeping her pee in her bladder (she still squirted, adding to the wet spot that was now plainly visible to anyone looking) before she was close enough to reach the guard. She stood up straight and closed her arms tightly around the man’s throat. As his oxygen slowly ran out, his flailing slowed down. Unfortunately, his elbow managed to collide with her abdomen, sending a gush of hot pee down her leg that turned into a small stream. She continued to hold his throat until he stopped moving completely which, although it only took a few seconds, felt like an eternity. When he was fully unconscious, she let him fall to the ground before jamming both hands into her crotch, wrapping her legs tightly around them and bending at the waist. The stream tapered off, but not before soaking her pants down to her mid-thigh. If she didn’t find a way out of here soon, she may just piss herself completely.

Emily crept down the stairs, stopping twice more to get her wildly desperate bladder back under control. Sneaking out into the room the stairs came out in, she saw no one around and decided that Ramsey must be in the throne room. She headed that way and, sure enough, she was forced to crouch down and slink into the shadows (despite her bladder’s protests) as she heard voices coming from that way. Upon entering the room, she saw Ramsey and two soldiers standing in the center. Ramsey was talking about his childhood when he was still part of the upper class of Dunwall. Emily had a strong impulse to say something cruel, but decided against giving her position away just for a snide remark. Emily reached a pillar behind the nearest guard just as Ramsey saluted and left. Now was her chance.

Sneaking up behind the guard as quietly as her bladder would allow, she reached up and, once again, began to choke him out. Thankfully, this guard was content to grasp at her arms until he passed out, allowing her to pull him behind the pillar she had been standing behind only moments ago. She stood up slightly, squeezed herself hard and steeled her bladder for what she was about to do. She needed to reach the last guard before Ramsey reentered the room and her window was closing. After a moment, she moved. She crept quietly around to the pillar, sneaking up behind the guard just faster than the speed at which he was walking. She fastened her arms around his throat and after only a few moments, he was gone. It only took a few moments, however, for her tiring bladder to spring yet another leak. She held the guard up with one arm and squeezed herself again with her free hand, stopping the flow, but she knew she wouldn’t be able to hold on much longer. Her control was slipping.

She had just begun to move towards the pillar where she had hidden the other guard when she heard loud footsteps behind her. She turned towards the entrance to the throne room just in time to see Ramsey enter. His eyes widened when he saw her, but he wiped the surprised look off his face rather quickly and replaced it with a jeering smile.

“Emily Kaldwin. Just couldn’t hold your p-” his remark was interrupted as Emily heaved the unconscious body of the guard at him, the effort causing her bladder muscles to scream in protest. The guard collided with him and he went down- Emily had her chance. She began to move towards him, unsheathing her sword. The more rapid movement caused her bladder to begin to leak again, but now it didn’t matter. All she wanted- no, needed was to kill Ramsey. He was just regaining his feet as Emily got within stabbing distance.

Seeing the sword in her hand, he panicked and swung his own- too early. Emily stepped nimbly past his sword and around the officer, the sudden movement strengthening her small leak to a constant stream. From behind him, she thrust her sword through his back- the look of horror on his face was priceless. Ramsey collapsed, and Emily took only a few more steps forward before doing the same, falling to her knees, face burning bright red- her bladder was completely beyond her control now.

Her stream turned to a river, the river to an ocean. Her pants greedily soaked up the liquid and, when they could hold no more, dumping the rest onto the ground, where it became a puddle, then a pond, then a lake. She was surrounded by what seemed like gallons of her own pee. She was highly embarrassed, but also incredibly relieved. She got to her feet and surveyed the carnage. The guards she had left behind would find a very strange scene- their captain dead and a huge amount of urine on the floor. She shook her head and turned back to Ramsey, collecting her father’s sword and the signet ring he had stolen from her, before moving on. At least her full bladder would be one less thing to worry about as she escaped the city where she was supposed to be the empress.

So there's my story. I hope you enjoyed it and feel free to leave any feedback in the comments below. I have no idea if it's any good or not- I tend to judge my own work a bit harshly, but maybe you can tell it to me straight. If you enjoyed it, I appreciate the positive feedback, and if you didn't, constructive criticism is always welcome as well. Thanks for reading!

*003*2017-03-29 20:50

{{On 3/19/2017 at 8:01 PM, Who Cares? said:

I haven't read the story yet but I have read the disclaimer and I'd like to share my opinion as well (if you care).

Dishonored, in my opinion, is one of the greatest games ever made and my second favorite game of all time. Naturally Dishonored 2 couldn't quite live up to the original games legacy.

I thought that, overall, Dishonored 2 was a great game. But I can understand your criticisms and in fact I share a few, such as the not-so-intriguing characters (seriously, what a waste of Vincent D'onofrio).

But the main topic I wanted to discuss was Corvo. I think Corvo is better with a voice personally, it adds to his character and it worked well for Daud in the DLCs. I'd like to hear a bit of elaboration as to what a voiced Corvo doesn't work in your eyes.

Anyway, thank you for this story. I'm certain I'll enjoy it.

}}

Well, first off, I'd like to say that I'm so glad you read and enjoyed my story. I appreciate the feedback, and, if you have any other recommendations for topics or things that I could write about, I'd be glad to hear them. As for the silent Corvo thing, it's really just a personal preference. I generally tend to be a quiet (or in some cases, silent) person, so I like and relate to silent and nearly silent protagonists more than super talkative ones. I have nothing against Stephen Russel, but I just prefer to play as someone who's as quiet as me.

*005*2017-03-29 22:40

{{53 minutes ago, wedgeantilles said:

It was a great story!

I haven't played Dishonoured (neither the first one nor the second one).

That's why I am curious - the aunt who claims to be empress: Is this from the game?

If yes, how is it explained that a sister of the former empress should have more claim to the throne then the trueborn daughter of this empress?

There is no monarchy in human history in which the sister could have a stronger claim.

Only if the child was a bastard would a sibling of the king / empress get to be the new monarch. (Or if the only offspring is a girl and the monarchy doesn't permit girls on the throne.)

}}

Yes, the sister of the empress thing is from the game, and no, I don't have any idea why the sister gets away with the coup. It doesn't make a lot of sense, but I'd imagine the game's story writers hoped no one would pay attention... and honestly, I kind of didn't. But anyways, I highly appreciate the feedback and, since you haven't, I absolutely recommend you play Dishonored. I don't know if the second one is really worth a play (it depends on your tastes), but the first one is absolutely fantastic and one of my top five favorite games.

*009*2017-04-02 14:28

{{9 hours ago, Grim Reaper said:

I enjoy discussing Machiavellian politics so I'll throw my hat into the ring on this one. Is it better to be loved or feared? The nobles in the room may have loved emily, however with the murders of the crown killer freshly reminded to them, the nobles may have wondered, if they kept her as queen if they would be next. As for the guards, if they rallied against Delilah, they would have been killed by the robots. The reason no one supported emily is fear. And once Delilah stoned corvo and demonstrated her powers she probably had them too terrified to act against her. She used this time to consolidate her power in the city if I was to hazard a guess. That is why I believe no one helped emily. (Also Delilah may have bribed most of the guards so that they were in her pocket)

}}

That is actually a very interesting way of looking at it. I suppose I never even thought about the fact that maybe these people didn't fully support the new empress, but were just afraid. Just another outlook to take on the game... in fact, I might have to give it a second playthrough to see whether they actually used those advanced graphics to make the guards look scared. Very interesting to think about...

{{3 hours ago, Noone000 said:

I believe that Delilah claims to be the older sister of Jessamine Kaldwin (Emily's mother). If true, this would have given here more right to the throne than the former empress, and so probably also put her ahead of Jessamine's daughter.

}}

Thank you for adding a little controversy to the plot of Dishonored 2 for me. I guess I never even took the time to consider whether Delilah's claim to the throne was legitimate... but if you think about how it might be, it gives you a new perspective on the game and makes it a lot more interesting. Maybe Delilah does belong on the throne and Corvo/Emily's attempts are just them taking the throne from the rightful empress. Hmm... very intriguing.

{{9 hours ago, Grim Reaper said:

Also that was a very good story. I love dishonored and I enjoy desperation, so a combination of two of my favorite things. It's brilliant

}}

Thank you so much! I love hearing what people think of my stories, so thank you for taking the time to leave a comment and let me know!

*011*2017-04-02 14:55

{{13 minutes ago, Noone000 said:

While I haven't played Dishonored 2 or the DLC's from the first game, I believe Delilah was an illegitimate child. I wonder if this would jeopardise her claim to the throne, or if this was perfectly valid in monarchies.

Also, to quote the wiki, "Delilah possesses a wide-ranging variety of talents, ranging from powerful supernatural abilities to a cunning unrivaled throughout the Empire. Her charm and charisma fill people with admiration and devotion, making loyal followers of those around her." Who knows, maybe she was simply charming enough to make the room turn on poor Emily :P

}}

Ah, maybe... it's also possible, like Grim Reaper said, that she and her clockwork soldiers simply scared the room into following her... but, either way, Emily was overthrown. While I still haven't completed the game, in all honesty, it's probably safe to assume that she gets the throne back (but, if she doesn't, I think that would make for a far more interesting ending, so please nobody spoil it for me).

*014*2017-04-05 19:42

{{20 hours ago, Who Cares? said:

If you're looking for suggestions all I can say is, just go ahead and write more Emily stuff. Perhaps something set later in Dishonored 2 or just make up your own little side story. Either way I am looking forward to what else is in store.

}}

I'd be happy to write another as soon as I have the time! Thanks for the suggestion!

*015*2017-04-12 01:15

Hello friends! I finally got around to writing a sequel, but I figured it was a bit lengthy to post in the comments, so if you'd like to read it, it's right here

.

