Desperate and Distracted (Plunderer)

Author: NotACat

*000*2020-07-25 23:29

Based on episode 6 of the Plunderer anime. Written for @daveshuyi

###

Sitting on a grassy hillside next to Licht, Hina couldn’t help but squirm a little as she felt a twinge in her bladder. She’d set out before dawn to try to catch up to the man she was sure she’d been told to look for, and hadn’t had a chance to relieve herself since just after she’d woken up. The cool, slightly wet grass brushing against her thighs wasn’t helping her predicament at all and the nearby bushes looked very tempting. She’d spent enough time travelling with her mother to be quite familiar with using the woods as a bathroom, but leaving and taking her eyes off of Licht now would just give him another chance to run. For now, she’d just have to bear with it until she could convince him to stay.

Holding back a sigh, she turned to the white-haired man sitting next to her, holding out the basket of food she’d brought on their walk.

“I’m used to travelling alone, and I’m not used to cooking for others, but please have one,” Hina said, offering a sandwich to the pale-haired swordsman she sat next to.

“T-thank you. About the other day-”

“I wonder, is this sort of like a date?” the blue-haired girl asked. “Knowing you, you’ve probably been dating other women since we parted ways anyway.”

“Uh. What exactly have you heard about that?” he asked, feeling a cold sweat coming on.

“Nothing much,” she said, staring out across the rolling hills. “Mostly, I’m just glad to see you again.”

As the two of them sat there, trying to figure out their next words, the quiet was broken by a shout and what looked like a large wooden bird tearing down the hill. When its path took it over a small rise, the odd contraption briefly took to the air before crashing back to the earth with a loud thump. As it made its way down below their position, a shock of long, red hair became visible, trailing in the breeze behind the machine’s rider.

“Fly! Fly damn it!” the woman’s voice could faintly be heard shouting as the distance between her and her audience increased.

The woman on the machine could feel her legs burning as she tried to turn the pedals just that little bit faster; she was so close! With every bump she went over she could feel it trying to struggle into the air, and with just a little more speed she could finally fly! In the back of her mind, each bump had a more unpleasant effect: each time she was launched into the hair and crashed back down, her bladder protested, sending a pang of desperation through her nerves. She’d known she had but a short window between patrols of the local garrison to try her new machine, and there wasn’t room in that schedule for a bathroom break.

“Just a little more, one little flight and we’ll be done!” she all but begged the machine bouncing around beneath her.

“A flying machine? That could be dangerous,” Licht muttered as the girl passed by.

“L-licht, isn’t there a canyon over there?” Hina asked with unease in her voice as they watched.

“Yeah. I’ll be back, I promise.” He stood up and bounded across the halls after the other woman.

The woman in the flying machine had her head down, her breath ragged as she pushed her machine down the hill. Every bump made her wonder if she was about to leak, but once she was in the air that wouldn’t be a problem anymore. As she flew off of one last rise, she could feel the machine float through the air as she sailed over the edge of the canyon.

“It’s working!” she cried. After so many late nights and fraught visits from the guards, she’d built a machine that could take her into the skies. Or at least, she thought she had; as soon as she’d gone airborne, the machine had begun losing speed and in the span of just a few seconds its glide had turned into a fall, nose first and into the depths of the canyon.

She barely had time to shout as she realized what was going on, closing her eyes and waiting for the fall to come to its grisly end. But instead of what she’d expected, she felt a pressure around her middle, sharply arresting her fall and forcing a small amount of her pee into her shorts. ‘D-did I hit a branch halfway down?’ she wondered before opening her eyes.

Instead of the rock walls she’d expected, she was met by the sight of fields laid out before her like the pattern of a quilt draped over the hills. ‘D-did I die? Is this the afterlife?’ But her thoughts were interrupted by a jolt through her bladder as that pressure came again. Glancing down, she saw a muscled arm wrapped around her torso. Following that arm up its length, she saw a man with white hair and a red cloak, apparently the person that had saved her. By the time she’d looked back to the landscape, they were already falling back towards the ground. As the pair touched the ground again, the redhead almost immediately tackled her rescuer to the ground in excitement.

“You can fly! How? Do you have wings hidden somewhere?” she asked, poking around his arms and shoulders for any hint of his secrets.

“I-it’s not really flying, I can just jump higher than most people,” Licht explained, his voice quavering as the girl ran her hands across his arms and chest.

“Well, you don’t seem to have any wings.” She and Licht both seemed a bit disappointed as she finished her examination. “You’ll probably be able to help anyway though,” she reasoned, dragging him to his feet by the arm. “I’d wager you’ve still spent more time up in the air than anyone else I’ve met.”

As the red-haired girl had climbed on top of Licht, Hina had caught up with the pair, blushing profusely at the sight laid out before her.

Soon enough, the other girl noticed her. “Friend of yours?” she asked the white-haired man in her grasp. Receiving a nod in return, she continued, “You should come along too, I’ve got a hunch you’ll be helpful too. Oh, and my name is Pelmo by the way, nice to meet you!”

###

As they walked back to her farm, Pelmo could feel her bladder protesting a bit with every step, and a small thrill as the familiar shape of her home came into view over the hill. She really could use a visit to the bathroom, but there was no way she could just piss away her best chance at some real help achieving her dream. She could hold it long enough to show them the basics of her project at least.

A short walk later, the trio came to a stop in front of a workshop, one with a wide set of doors taking up most of the front wall. With a grunt of effort, Pelmo shoved one of the massive doors to the side before beckoning to the two travellers. “Come on in. That thing that went over the cliff was one of the more promising prototypes, but this is the machine I’m really counting on.”

As their eyes adjusted to the light in the wide room, Hina and Licht saw a mass of wires and wooden struts, two great fabric wings stretching wide enough to easily span a road. Hina’s eyes lit up in wonder at the sight while Licht grew quiet.

“Have you ever wanted to fly? To just soar through the sky like a bird?” The red-haired inventor asked. “Just imagine how much easier it would be if we could fly across ravines and mountains, anyone could go anywhere.”

“But we can’t-” Licht started before being interrupted by an excited Hina, beaming at the other girl.

“That’s wonderful! Is there anything we can do to help?” she asked, her need for the bathroom all but forgotten in her excitement.

“Well, maybe. I’ve been making changes to the gearing to try to get more speed out of it, but it just doesn’t want to leave the ground,” she said with a sigh. “I was hoping your friend might have some sort of ideas, since he seemed to recognize the prototype.” She gestured to the plans laid out on a table against the wall.

As Licht walked over and quietly looked over the plans, Pelmo showed Hina around the controls of the machine. “So, the pedals here are how the propeller is powered, but the handles are how I can change the shape of the wings to steer,” she explained, pointing to each in turn as she sat in the cockpit of the machine, trying not to cross her legs as the blue-haired girl watched. “It’s far from the perfect way to do it. Since you’re grabbing onto them to stay on the machine, it’s easy to pull them in the wrong direction.”

As she rattled off information about her design by rote, her mind was on her bladder. Once the pale-haired stranger had taken a look at her plans, she could take the two of them to her house to talk about improvements over a meal, but much more importantly, she would finally get a chance to pee. Gingerly, trying not to separate her legs far enough for the small wet patch on her shorts to be visible, Pelmo climbed out of the machine and wandered over to her other guest.

“So, what do you think of the design?” Pelmo approached her other guest as she spoke.

“Research into flight is banned in this country,” he said, turning to watch her. “You know the penalty for it as well as I do: death. You came close to dying in that test earlier too. Why are you taking these risks?”

The red-haired adventurer looked at the floor, her smile wiped from her face.

“Wait, illegal? What are you talking about?” Hina asked, looking between the two.

“He’s right. The guards are told to be on the lookout for anything that looks like a flying machine. I’ve had to break a few prototypes to hide them, and I’m not sure they’ll buy that again,” she admitted with a sigh. “It’s why I took the risk and showed my plans to you, this is probably my last chance.” She stared into Licht’s own red eyes. “I’m not giving up on this, not until I’ve tried everything I possibly can. Are you going to try to stop me?”

“No, no I won’t.” Licht turned back to the prints before picking up a quill and making a small change to the shape of the wings.

“What are you drawing…? Huh.” Pelmo grabbed the sheet of paper from the table as soon as he was finished. “That is a bit closer to a bird’s wing, isn’t it? That could be worth a shot.” As she walked around her machine, mapping out the work ahead, her mind hummed with ideas. Any thoughts of finding a bathroom could wait, she had work to do.

“I don’t know where you got this idea, but thank you. I have to get to work on this, but please make yourselves at home; it’s the least I can do to repay you,” the red-haired girl said as she shooed the pair out of her shop, followed by the thump of the heavy doors closing.

“Now, let’s get you ready to fly,” she said, brushing a hand along the wing. She rushed around the shop, collecting the tools she’d need to bend the wings of her plane into their new shape, along with a stepladder to reach them.

The first few changes went quickly and she fell into a routine. Climb up her ladder, tie one end of the wire in place, pull the wire taut, tie it to the other, jump down and move the ladder, repeat. But by the time she was halfway along the wingspan, her pace was beginning to slow.

As she sat on the ladder, she couldn’t help twisting her legs together, trying to give her overtaxed holding muscles a bit more support. When she jumped down from the ladder to shift it to the next location, a small spurt sprayed into her underwear in response to the shock of the landing travelling through her lower body. Dropping the spool of wire, she immediately pressed one hand between her legs, gasping as she felt a small amount of the warm wetness against her skin and the wet patch of fabric grew. Pressing her legs together and tensing her muscles managed to stop the leak after a few seconds, but she held her position for a bit longer, just to make sure.

Once she was confident that there wasn’t any more coming, she let out a shaky breath and removed her hand. Her mind might have been occupied with other thoughts, but her bladder had been filling steadily and was rapidly approaching the point of no return. ‘Once I have this side done, I’ll take a break. Just two more wires, then I’ll pee,’ she told herself, retrieving the wire and shoving the ladder to its next spot.

She could hear the ladder creaking as she climbed up on shaking legs and installed the first of the two wires. No matter how hard she tried to focus on the work, the pressure between her legs refused to be ignored, and it showed in her work. They weren’t the prettiest connections, but they should be solid enough, and she didn’t have the time to make them look good.

As she gingerly climbed down to move over for the last wire, she could feel a few warm drips seeping into her shorts again. Her hand shot between her legs once more, the pressure just barely enough to put her back in control. Yet again, even more reluctantly than before, the leak was stopped, but Pelmo knew that it would start again the second she removed her hand.

She glared at the place the last wire should go, trying to work out a way of attaching it with only one free hand. No, she realized, there just wasn’t a way to get the tension she needed that way, and even if there was, leaking all over the frame would cause even bigger problems. She grimaced at the memory of replacing half of the plane’s frame after leaving it in the rain had warped the wood.

As much as it felt like admitting defeat, she really couldn’t put off going to the bathroom any longer. Carefully, she set her tools down, trying to avoid disturbing her overfilled bladder any more than she had to, before reaching the next obstacle: the shop doors. The huge slabs of wood were too heavy to move with one hand, but they were the only way out of the building. She took a deep breath to calm her nerves, tensed her lower muscles, and used both hands to push the door to the side. Her legs shook with the combined exertion of moving the heavy object while staying pressed together, and she could feel a trickle running through her increasingly wet underwear and down the inside of her thigh. As soon as there was a big enough gap to fit through without putting any additional pressure on her lower body, she darted through into the sunlight.

Quickly glancing around, the only people visible were her two visitors, sitting on a hill and thankfully facing away from her. She had two options for reaching the house: she could run and risk leaking on the way, but get there faster; or she could try to tiptoe her way over without disturbing her bladder any further and hope for the best. As another small leak sprayed into her underwear, the choice was obvious.

She sprinted for her house, leaving a trail of faint footprints and small drops in the dirt, throwing the unlocked door open as soon as she reached it. She didn’t have time for niceties like removing her shoes, thumping across the wooden floors to the bathroom as quickly as she could and fumbling with the buttons on her shorts as she went.

She managed to free the last button just as the bathroom door was in reach, the increasingly wet hand pressed between her legs the only thing keeping her shorts up as she opened the door to her destination. As she felt her stream gaining strength, she let go of her shorts, allowing them to fall around her ankles as she shoved down her nearly-soaked underwear before a spray of pee burst out of her. The inventor stood there in her bathroom, a strong jet of golden liquid pouring out and mostly into the bowl of the toilet as she got her long-awaited relief. She let her eyes drift shut as a deep sigh escaped her lips, drowned out by the hissing as her stream left her body and the splash from its landing point. This wasn’t the first time she’d been distracted by her work and needed to rush to the bathroom, but she’d never let it get quite this bad before. ‘At least it’s over now,’ she thought, feeling a slight breeze against her exposed butt.

Her eyes flew open at the unexpected sensation and as she turned her head to look behind her, she realized her mistake. In her rush for relief, she hadn’t closed either of the doors that she’d opened and anyone that chose to look through her front door would see her standing there, stripped from the waist down and doing her best to imitate a waterfall.

She strained to reach the door and pull it shut, but there was no way to reach it without shifting from where she was standing, and that came with its own problems. If she moved without stopping her stream, she’d have much bigger problems than wet shorts and a few drips on the floor to worry about, and her flood of pee had no intention of stopping now that it was finally getting its long-denied chance at freedom. Given a choice between the possibility of someone seeing her butt and the certainty of trying to scrub pee off of the walls, she knew which option she’d take.

She would still try to minimize her chances of being seen though, and with that goal in mind, she tensed her muscles and began trying to force her pee out as quickly as she could. As it flew further, her urine sprayed against the tank of the toilet for a second before she was able to adjust her aim, the splashing getting noticeably louder once it was landing where it was meant to. The other effect was a spray of droplets against the inside of her thighs, but those simply blended in with all the leaks from her sprint to get to the bathroom.

Finally, after nearly half a minute, her bladder was almost empty. She shifted her hips forward, almost straddling the toilet, allowing the last dribbles to fall into the foaming, yellow pool of liquid as she let out a deep breath she hadn’t realized she’d been holding. After letting the last drips fall and wiping as much as she could off of her lower body, she flushed the unwanted waste down the pipes.

With the cause of all her tension for the last few hours gone, she felt like a weight had been lifted off of her shoulders as she kicked off her ruined shorts and underwear, setting off to find clean clothes and something to clean up the leaks before they soaked in and stained the floorboards.

###

The two travellers stood in front of the doors, slightly stunned at Pelmo’s sudden rush to find tools and at how bluntly she had kicked them back out of her shop.

“She’s energetic, isn’t she?” Hina said when she’d found her voice, standing in front of the shed with her legs crossed at the ankles and one hand gripping the hem of her skirt. She’d been planning on asking their host where she could find a bathroom, but once she’d seen Licht’s drawings it was almost like the other girl had gone into a trance. She glanced around the cluster of buildings, hoping to see some sign of a bathroom, but didn’t see any obvious outhouses and poking around inside someone’s home unaccompanied felt like an invasion of their privacy. She sighed. ‘I’ll just ask her when she’s done. It can’t take that long, can it?’

“Hmm.” Licht nodded in agreement, his mind clearly somewhere else as he stared at the doors, as if he could see through them.

“Let’s get out of the sun for now, there’s a nice tree over there.” Hina gestured at the tree in question, sitting at the top of a grassy slope on the edge of the farm. Hopefully sitting would make it easier to hold on, and if it didn’t, it would at least make it easier to hide the results. As the two of them walked the short distance, Hina was focused on taking short, careful steps, trying not to separate her legs more than she had to, trying not to move too suddenly.

As they neared the tree, Licht finally spoke. “Did I do the right thing? Should I have helped her with the design?”

“Of course you did. Whether or not your suggestion works, you gave her a bit of hope,” she reassured him. “You saw how excited that made her. Even if it causes trouble with the guard, helping someone achieve their dream isn’t a bad thing.” As she spoke, she knelt in the shade of the tree, the cool, wet grass tickling the skin between her socks and the hem of her skirt and making her bladder twinge.

“I suppose so. Thank you Hina,” he said, glancing over to her.

Hina’s face went red as their eyes met, as she stuttered, “Eh, ah you’re welcome.”

As the pair sat waiting, watching the clouds, and avoiding each other’s eyes, Hina was having more and more trouble staying still; she wasn’t yet the most desperate she’d ever been but she was rapidly approaching that point, and as she sat there, she could feel her legs trying to shake, the vibrations travelling up and through her core, jostling the mass of liquid inside her. If they’d still been in the wilderness she would definitely have made her excuses and found a bush by now, but going outside when there was certainly a bathroom nearby simply didn’t seem right.

‘I’ll be going outside one way or another if that girl takes much longer though,’ she thought, another pulse of desperation sending a shiver up her spine. She wasn’t going to pull up her shirt to check, but it certainly felt like her bladder was full enough for a bulge to be visible on her lower stomach, just in the right spot to press against the waistband of her skirt.

Biting her lip, she tried to focus on something else, anything other than the thought of dashing for a bathroom, sitting down, and emptying out her liquid burden. With one hand grabbing her skirt, trying to pull the waistband so that it didn’t press so hard on her bladder, she turned to face her companion.

“Hey, Licht. You’ve never told me what your goal is. You’re travelling, and clearly looking for something. What is it?” she asked, managing to keep her voice steady.

“What am I travelling for, huh?” he asked aloud. After staring into the distance, he flopped over backwards, lying in the grass. “That’s a secret.”

“What? That’s not fair,” Hina responded with a slight pout.

“Well, shall I tell you that secret then?” he asked, rolling over to face her and placing his hand on her wrist. The surprise and thrill of his touch was nearly enough for her to leak right there, but she was able to tense up enough to hold it back.

“W-what is it?”

“To see your panties!” He cried, placing his hands on the blue-haired girl’s knees. “Oh, these legs are as stubborn as always.”

Adding even more stress caused Hina’s legs to shake as she desperately fought to keep them pressed firmly together. “S-stop that! That’s no way to change the subject!” she yelped. She knew he was more than strong enough to pull them apart if he tried seriously, but even the force he was applying as some sort of joke was almost enough to overpower her quickly tiring muscles. As they parted slightly, she could feel the urine that had been held back rushing towards freedom. “N-no!” she gasped out, as the first droplets soaked into her underwear and darkened the fabric between her legs.

As he pulled slightly, Licht could feel Hina’s legs giving way and could see further along the insides of her thighs, up past the top of her socks, and the faintest hint of rapidly darkening blue fabric.

“Am I interrupting something?” The redheaded mechanic called as she approached Hina from behind.

“Ah, t-that was quick.” Licht scrambled to remove himself from his position near Hina’s skirt as quickly as he could.

“Well, they weren’t particularly difficult changes, once there weren’t any interruptions at least,” she said, her face flushing red at the last part.

Hina didn’t even attempt to follow the conversation as Licht and Pelmo talked about the changes to the machine. The leak that had started when her legs had been pulled apart simply refused to stop, no matter how she tried to hold it back, even resorting to a hand under her skirt and pressed over her opening, just the soaked fabric separating her hand from her privates. Despite her best efforts, the intermittent leaks began getting longer and more forceful, growing from dribbles to spurts and finally to a consistent stream of pee.

As the warm liquid ran over her fingers, she simply let go; there was no way she would be able to make it to a bathroom and she’d be just as drenched if she did. Once she had pulled her hand away, her stream grew into a hissing river, flowing through the saturated fabric of her panties and out to the sides to run down her thighs and into the grass. Staring at the ground, she could feel a blush rising on her cheeks as her mouth hung open, all but panting in relief. She didn’t dare look up, both to hide the signs of what she was doing that were surely obvious on her face, and so she didn’t have to find out whether they could hear the hissing that seemed almost deafening to her ears.

The contrast of the cool wet grass on some parts of her thighs and the hot pee flowing from between her legs was a unique experience, if nothing else, and as she neared empty, the grass and the dirt beneath finally seemed to be unable to keep absorbing more of her liquid and a quiet splashing joined the hissing as her pee dripped into the small puddle that was forming. Soon after that her stream began slowing down, becoming a dribble before finally stopping, leaving just the drips falling from her thighs and soaked underwear to fall to the ground. She sighed in relief, almost lightheaded with the feeling of finally being empty for the first time in hours. A shout from a few feet away jolted her back to reality.

“Hina!” Licht called, a note of worry in his voice. “Pelmo’s ready to test her machine, did you doze off over there?”

“A-ah, no, just thinking. I’m fine, just give me a minute and I’ll catch up with you two,” she tried to reassure him. Once he’d looked away, she was relieved not to feel any obvious wetness on her white skirt. Her boots and socks hadn’t been so lucky, but the boots were meant to get wet to some extent anyways, and the socks were dark enough that they probably wouldn’t show a stain, even if they weren’t very pleasant to wear like this. Her underwear was completely ruined though, and she could already feel the warmth fading and being replaced with a cold, damp feeling that she would have to get rid of at the first opportunity. ‘Hopefully we’ll be able to head back to camp soon,’ she begged anyone that would listen.

