Dial "O" for Orgasm

Author: navesink01

*000*2020-07-17 02:24

You really should have peed before you got on the elevator and now you are deeply regretting it. The elevator had ground to a halt, short of its ground floor destination, a half hour ago. You had worked late and just wanted to get out of the office and go home. You could have peed in the restroom on the way to the elevator, but did not.

Within minutes of your predicament, you picked up the emergency phone and dialed zero, but it just kept ringing. It is not supposed to do that! Someone is supposed to answer?!

You turned to the only other occupant in the elevator, an unknown man, who had already been on the elevator when you entered. You hope he had answers to your WTF moment. You did not verbalize your question as your look said it all to him. His response was equally non-verbal. He just shrugged with a bit of a smirk and offered no words, no solutions, and no help. What a typical man.

You eyed him, as in your rush, you had previously not taken much notice of him. He was an older man dressed, impecably, in a nice suit. He had stylish shoes, a short haircut of graying hair, clean cut, blue eyes, and was physically fit in a way that you could notice such a thing under his suit.

Having thus taken a physical inventory of this stranger, your thoughts immediately reverted to your predicament. It was 7 PM on a Friday. Your thoughts began to enter the zone of panic. What if everyone in the building had already gone for the day? What it they were gone for the entire weekend?!!! Your bladder took immediate notice and sent pangs of protest. Your need to find a toilet seems to increase exponentially. Why, oh why, did not you not visit the toilet!

You picked up the phone and dialed again, expecting a different result. Still no answer. You hung up and tried again, and again, and again. You would have kept up with these fruitless actions, but you were snapped out of this drill by the vocal interruption of the stranger. You were instantly annoyed by the interruption and then amused by the fact that he had a voice and was suddenly interested and engaged in the predicament. It was about fucking time! Unfortunately, his interruption was a disappointment. He merely said, "it is pointless, they are apparently not answering." You thought to yourself, " no shit, Shirlock!, do you have a better idea?!" But, again, you did not vocalize that thought. Your look said it all.

You both became silent. He "heard" you and disengaged. He understood you were in a different place and that you did not wish to be bothered as you problem solved, without his useless interruptions. You appreciated that he understood your non-verbal communication.

You looked at the ceiling and then you looked around the elevator, taking it all in and taking an inventory of the situation. Nothing suggests any solution. You, with your back up against the side of the elevator, slid down the wall into a seated position, in full surrender to the situation. You did, however, do so in a dignified manner, as you were wearing a skirt, a rather short one. You were mindful of not flashing anything inappropriate to this stranger. You decided to fully sit and not squat, so as best to protect any view that may have shot up between your legs. You crossed your legs, both to double insure the dignity preservation, and... to help manage the growing pressure on your bladder. In fact, it was not so much that your slide to the floor was a slide of resignation to the situation in so much that it was a bladder preservation move. It was harder to hold while standing, or so you thought at the moment.

The rest of that half hour was spent in silence. You were deep in thought. You had pulled out your cell phone. Your panic increased when you could not get a signal. You were briefly annoyed that the gentleman, who was still standing, had not reached for his own phone and tried to make a call. You almost asked him to do so, but immediately seized up the futility and remained silent.

Your thoughts were now interrupted as he spoke. You were again both annoyed and amused by both his interruption of your thought process and his sudden interest in the predicament. It was about time! You flashed all of those thoughts into rapidly displayed facial expressions, landing on one that projected a plea for help. It was, up until now, a rare showing of vulnerability. It must have softened him up.

You then exchanged small talk. Introductions were made. You found he owned the company that was the tenant on the floor above you. It was a law firm and it was rare you saw anyone from that office. It was unlike your office, where there were a number of people present every day. His office was the third floor, you were the second, and then there was a bank on the ground floor as well as a public lobby. It was a relatively small office with just three floors, just enough to have this damned elevator, and a set of stairs. Why, you wondered, did you not just take the stairs!

He related several things over the next 30 minutes. You took it all in, despite the fact that your increasing urgency did make it hard for you to pay attention. He did most of the talking, while you mostly listened and concentrated on bladder control. In fact, as time wore on your answers became shorter and a bit clipped. You wondered if he noticed. You became flushed with that thought and then you worried that he might notice that you were flushed.

He seemed oblivious to any signs of your emergency. You were grateful for that. You were mortified that he might become aware. You were grateful for what increasingly became a monologue. You appreciated the distraction.

You learned that he lived in Flordia and rarely came north to go the office. His partner, who lived local, mostly used the office, as well as another couple of associates and some support staff. However, they took were largely not in the office. They had something to do with international trade. Frankly, it is at that point were you started to tune out to the content he was instantly uttering.

Your mind was in fact was drifting to two different places. First was your need to pee. Second, was arousal. You found the second to be surprising, a bit embarrassing, and a bit naughty. You found yourself getting turned on by the stranger, by his looks, his self assurance, the smell of his cologne, and his sexy body. Your thoughts became increasingly naughty as you imagined what sex might be like with this attractive stranger. Although he was quite self absorbed, your thoughts were taking the upper hand on him. You began to mentally rape him as he went on and on about his business abroad, the places he had been, etc., etc.

He suddenly stopped talking when you moaned. Your moan was of piss desperation, but maybe more. You were so lost in your thoughts that you had completely lost track of what he was saying. He had a quisical look on his face. You instantly panicked. Did he now know of your dirty thoughts , your urgent need of a bathroom, or both?! No, thank goodness. He immediately repeated his question, revealing both that he remained clueless and self absorbed. He asked if you to have ever been to Hong Kong. Your face, however, registered annoyance over his cluelessness and self absorption. Your thoughts professed rapidly. How could he not know of my urgency?! He must not know of my urgency! He is so self absorbed that he does not know of my desire. He would think I am a slut. I would be so ashamed. He must not know....

He took notice. He asked if you were ok. How could he not know. He does not know! Your relief was fleeting as your need to pee snapped you back to addressing the needs of your bladder. You leaned forward to help your hold.

Your answer betrayed your plight, not in words but in delivery. Almost through gritted teeth you said you were fine. He did not look convinced. You immediately wished you had delivered that message in a better fashion, but your bodily needs were taking over. He asked again if something was wrong. You were in better control of your next answer and the answer after that, as he was not letting his inquiry alone. He know something was up, damn him.

You both lapsed into quite. You regretted that new interaction development. It removed the distraction of his monologue. It also now subjected you to a level of attention he previously was not giving you. It made you more apprehensive. That is not what you needed. You a stared up at the ceiling and prayed he would find another distraction, or at least launch back into his monologue. Instead, you knew he was not staring at you.

His stare made any physical movement to contain your bladder impossible. You began to feel hotter and you were even starting to break out in a sweat. You removed your jacket and you know became the one to launch into a monologue. It was a monologue of largely nonsensical subject matter. It was all a rouse to divert attention, of both of you as to your predicament.

Also, gone, at least for the moment, were your lustful thoughts. You were so preoccupied in dredging up topics, any topics, to continue the attention diversion rouse, that left you no mental capacity for lust. The lustful thoughts had helped with your urgency, you noticed. They did not keep your panties dry as the wetness was not of pee, up until now, at least so you hoped.

Your hope was suddenly dashed as a short spurt of pee escaped. You immediately stopped talking, to utter a moan. You twisted your torso. You resisted the urge to grab yourself, but your right arm did flail a bit. Most importantly, you kept it to a moan. This of course led to another string of questions and denials.

You kicked off your high heels. It was a move to break the silence that developed and to distract. It also allowed you to rearrange yourself. You sat on your heal, by bending one of your legs underneath you.

The other leg remained extended. You tried to remain dignified. That meant not placing your heal where it was needed the most, applying direct pressure to your panty covered pussy. No, instead it remained outside and underneath of the skirt that still discreetly covered your now moist panties. You cursed the fact that you were not now wearing pants, where rhe pressure could be applied better, while still not surrendering your dignity.

You silently cursed your predicament, the sudden silence, and the emerging judgments by the stranger. Your urgency was through the roof.

Sitting on your foot was not enough. You started to move rhythmically. Your body was taking over. It was revealing your need.

You had to fess up. His next question finally elicited the truth. You confessed that you urgently needed to pee.

He looked at you with compassion. He slumped to the floor, himself. He did so in complete solidarity with your predicament. His empathy, and more important, lack of adverse judgment, were immediately appreciated.

He offered verbal coaching. He was mansplaining a bit, which normally would have been annoying. He seemed to know quite a bit about how the blader works and how it could be controlled. He coached you on breathing. He urged you to rub your thighs as that was a known and effective manner of bladder control.

You submitted to his instructions and it actually helped, at least for a bit. However, time was not on your side. You appreciated his help. He did move closer, in a helpful, non-threatening way.

Most of all you gained a the freedom of relating all that was happening.

It was not much longer until all of the preventive actions were for naught. Another spurt of pee escaped. This time, having arrived at both a level of confidence with the stranger, as well as an increased sense of desperation, you reached up under your skirt and crabbed your crotch.

You again succeeded in stemming the flow. Your panties were definitely wet. Having thus surrendered your dignity, you then decided to save your skirt. You then hiked up your skirt, so as to prevent any pee from getting on it.

You began to unconsciously rub your panty clad pussy. He spoke and it suddenly snapped you back into reality. What were you doing?!! It did feel good. You had to pee so bad.

He was looking at you. Did you detect lust, or was it your imagination? You glanced at his crotch and immediately confirmed that it was lust. How could he get turned on by your urgency?!!! You were both shocked and aroused by the thought. Or, was he just turned on because there you were massaging your exposed, sexy, cotton panties.

His next words answered your questions. It was now time for him to make a confession. He was the one now embarrassed as he relarded, with several apologies, just how sexually aroused it made him to know she need to pee that bad. He seemed rather disgusted withheld as he related this confession. You should have been made over the insensitivity and the exploitive reaction to your predicament. Instead, you both felt sorry for him and aroused that he was aroused. You said as such, to his immediate relief. The lustful look returned to his face.

He then, somewhat hesitantly, suggested further "assistance," which would be more effective. You chuckled over the now revealed, self serving place from where such advice emanated. He shared that arousal was the best defense and that you should mastrubate.

You did as instructed. You resumed rubbing your pussy and it did help. He, meanwhile addressed his own urgencies. He unzipped his pants and released his penise. He began stroking it in unison with your rubbing.

You were surprised with how rapidly you were moving to climax. You did not want to do that! You knew that edging the orgasm was helping hold your pee. If you orgasmed, you would certainly pee all over the place! So you slowed down.

Slowing down was not good either. Another spurt welled up and escaped. This time it was more significant. It was much harder to gain control. But control you did.

The stranger the suggested such an audacious next step, that it took your breath away. Before you could think too deeply, he began to execute on the plan, by laying himself on his back, on the floor of the elevator. You found yourself following his instructions, a bit blindly.

He instructed you to stand and to take off your panries, to save what was left of them. It was difficult for your to stand and another spurt escaped in the process and pee now teickeled down the inside of your thigh. Your panties were drenched and were no longer an effective barrier.

You slid your panties down and allowed them to drop to the floor. You stepped out of them. You immediately groped your pussy to hide it and hold it.

You then grasped and protested the next set of instructions. He told you to straddle his face. He instructed you to grind your pussy into his face. He offered that he would stimulate your pussy with his tongue and that would thwart your urgency. You protested that it would only serve to cause you to drench his face in pee. Your protests were only half hearted. Your urgency and a fair bit of lust were now in charge and any hope of dignity preservation were long cast aside, just like the soaked pantiss that were now waded up on the floor.

He urged you to proceed. He convinced you not to worry about peeing in his face. He said he would swallow any that came out.

You did not need much convincing. You immediately mounted his face. You did not wish to smother him, so you, basically, squated over his face. You wanted to mash down on his face, as much as you wished to mass down on your heal earlier, all to stem the tide. However, you did not mash down on his face and you were soon rewarded with the free movement of his amazing tongue.

His tongue immediately went about its work. His tongue was amazing. He kissed, he nibbled, he stroked your pussy lips with his tongue. Omg, you just wanted to cum. He was just toying with you. Omg. Despite your initial reluctance you did start grinding his face. You could not resist. However he regained control with his strong arms grabbing you and controlling you. He controlled how much pressure you could exert. It felt so good, so fucking good.

It was not too long. You could not fight it anymore. Your body was wracked with a mind blowing orgasm. He he managed to lap up all the eminared out of your vagina.

You then were both thrown out of ecstasy as the elevator lurched. Someone must of heard your screams of ecstasy. Why did you not think of yelling earlier. Lol.

Both of you immediately got in presentable form as the elevator traveled down. As the door began to open, you noticed in horror, your soaked panties on the floor. You immediately scooped them up.

The elevator door open and you dashed to the bathroom, as, amazingly, there was much pee still inside you. You released your load into the toilet and had another mind blowing orgasm. You sat there awhile, enjoying the after glow. When you emerged, he was gone.

*002*2020-12-02 03:27

{{13 hours ago, gianki007 said:

Great job with this story, currently looking into your other ones.

}}

Thank you

