The Break-Up

Author: nalekema

*000*2024-05-31 20:13

Monica woke up, blinking into bright sunshine coming through her window. It was a Sunday morning and Monica did not intend to get up early, ruining a good sleep-in. She turned around, away from the bright light.

Her brand new white pyjamas felt great. She barely noticed the light satin fabric, it almost felt like being naked in her bed. For a moment, Monica thought about how it would feel to wet herself in it. She quickly discarded the thought. "I shouldn't wet the bed again, yesterday's bedding is not even dry yet.", Monica thought.

She grabbed her phone from the nightstand and began reading some news. However, her thoughts quickly returned to the idea of giving her new pyjamas a good soaking. She also felt her bulging bladder now.

"I should get up and go pee, but it's so nice and warm here."

Monica finished reading the day's news, changed the app and looked into her favourite mobile game, playing a few rounds, but she didn't really concentrate.

"It would feel sooo good to just let go, but I don't want to wash the bed again."

She changed apps again, starting another game. She didn't really like it, but played it out of habit.

"Well - a single spurt won't hurt. I'll stop before the bed gets wet"

Monica put the phone aside, laid on her back and relaxed. She felt the familiar sensation of falling into nothingness, although it was not as strong with bright daylight shining on her closed eyes. She could feel herself relaxing, feel pee moving inside her. She quickly clenched her muscles, but she was a little too fast, nothing got out. She tried again. Again that relaxing feeling, the feeling of pee starting to move. Again, she clenched her muscles, but again, her panties stayed dry. Another try. She relaxed.

"I can just relax, it's not a big deal if it's a little too much".

Patiently, she relaxed and waited even longer with the feeling of pee moving inside her. Finally, she felt a small trickle of pee escape into her panties. She clenched her muscles again, pushing a little more pee into her panties.

"Wow - that felt great!"

Monica slid her hand into her pyjama and fondled the crotch of her panties. She could feel the damp spot right in the middle of it. Surprisingly, it was quite small. She immediately went for a second spurt. She slowly relaxed and then immediately stopped it when she could feel the pee flowing. The damp spot grew a little and Monica felt confident that she could control this. Immediately after clenching to stop the flow, Monica relaxed again to start another spurt.

It felt so good. Then she remembered that she actually wanted to wet her new pyjamas and slid her hand to the outside of her crotch. She relaxed again. Another short spurt escaped, but she still couldn't feel it on the outside. Obviously, she went for a longer spurt. She relaxed. Once she could feel the pee moving, she counted: "1, 2"

She stopped the flow. Damn, that felt so good. There was a little wet patch on her pyjamas now, but Monica was hooked. She wanted more. She relaxed again, counted again: "1, 2, 3, 4". She had wanted count to five, but the flow was getting too strong and she vaguely remembered that she did not want to actually wet the bed. Her heart pounded heavily and the feeling of pee settling into the fabric of her panties and pyjamas felt so extremely good.

Without a second thought, she released another stream of pee. "1, 2, 3". She stopped the flow again and enjoyed the feeling of pee running down her pussy. She didn't want to stop. "This time, I'll count to 10". Relax. "1, 2, 3, 4, 5". Her muscles clenched on their own.

She felt drops of pee running down to her bum, wetting the back of her pyjamas. Still, she was not satisfied. She started another stream of pee, but this time, she didn't want to stop. She didn't count. She stopped the flow when she felt the back of her pyjamas getting really wet.

Checking with her hand, she confirmed that the bed was already wet.

"Fuck it, it's too late anyways". Monica released another stream of pee. She had planned to stop the flow again, but this time, she just didn't want to stop. She wanted the feeling of totally wetting her panties, pyjamas and bed. Her stream of pee increased and she could hear the pee flowing. The feeling was incredible. A pool of warm pee formed under her bum and slowly submerged her pussy, adding to the perfect feeling.

Still peeing, Monica grabbed her breast with one hand and slid her other hand down into her panties, slowly caressing her soaked pussy. She stroked harder as her stream of pee ebbed off and climaxed even before she stopped peeing.

Exhausted, Monica fell back onto her pillow. She relaxed again and let the remaining contents of her bladder flow through her panties and into her bed. Deeply satisfied, Monica lolled around in her puddle and let her pyjamas soak up more pee and get thoroughly wet. She could see the darker skin of her hardened nipples through the wet white fabric of her pyjamas. She caressed them a little and fondled her firm breasts with the wet pyjamas clinging to them. With her hand back in her pussy, she was about to come again, when her doorbell rang.

"Damn it, not now"

Monica's arousal was gone. Thinking of a mailman, Monica grabbed her bathrobe and put it over her sogging pyjamas. The pyjamas' legs were wet as well, but in the few seconds that the mailman had to hand over the package, he would not notice.

Monica opened the door to find her sister in front of it.

*002*2024-06-04 20:20

Chapter 2

This one is a little longer with less wetting - I hope you still like it.

"Sandra! What are you doing here?" Monica exclaimed, but Sandra just walked past her, towards the living room.

"Hi Monica! You won't believe what happened. Carlos just left this morning. He said he had enough of me, grabbed his things and left. Just yesterday evening, we talked about our vacation this year and that we should book our flights soon before they get too expensive and this morning: Boom! Everything out of the window, just left. I am so angry, how could I ever fall for a guy who is such an asshole."

Sandra's rage went on. Monica quietly stood to the side and listened. Her sister always picked the wrong guys. Monica hadn't liked Carlos from the start, but she was not going to tell that to Sandra, it just wouldn't help her. Monica knew from experience that after a few minutes of rage, Sandra would end up crying on her shoulder, because of course she had loved the guy.

Monica pulled her sister to the kitchen so she could make some coffee while Sandra was still talking. She handed her sister a big cup of coffee with a lot of sugar and sat down to listen.

Sandra sat down opposite to her and continued, only pausing to sip from her coffee. Monica could hear the rage wearing off and prepared herself for the crying to start.

Suddenly, Sandra stopped and stared at Monica like she'd seen a ghost.

"What is it, Sandra?"

"Monica - did you... like ... piss your pyjamas?"

Monica went bright red, she wanted to instantly vanish from this earth. However, her options for keeping her little fetish a secret very limited right now. She had to react quickly to save her face. Years of professional consulting had taught her to deal with embarrassing situations, but they still stung has hard as ever. Monica made a decision. She stood up, opened up her bathrobe facing Sandra and showing off her completely soaked pyjamas.

"Guilty as charged!"

Both sisters broke into resounding laughter. "You know, you're completely crazy! But I have to admit, you look incredibly sexy like that - I can see absolutely everything through that transparent fabric!"

"Well - everything to make my little sister happy!"

"You're an idiot! Just take a shower while I finish my coffee and then we go to the café downtown, I want some of that great cake!"

Monica happily went for the bathroom. In fact, her pyjamas had grown quite cold by now, especially without the warm bathrobe. She looked at herself in the mirror. Sandra was right, she did look incredibly sexy in that wet translucent white pyjama clinging to her body and hiding very little of what was underneath.

Monica stepped into the shower. Before opening the valves for the shower, she released her internal valves and pushed any pee that had built up into her panties. It felt good, but the arousal from her wetting the bed was gone. Monica switched on the shower, letting the warm water rinse the pee from her pyjamas. She stripped them off, squeezed out some excess water and threw all parts across the room and into the washing machine. She quickly finished her shower, dried off and went to her bedroom to get dressed.

When passing the kitchen, she could see her sister admire the sight of her naked body. Monica was confused - Sandra was most definitely straight - and she was her sister. "Well - if it makes her happy, it's fine. She needs some nice things right now.", she thought to herself.

Monica quickly put on a set of fresh white satin panties and slipped into a brightly coloured short summer dress. She didn't wear a bra for none fitted under the dress without showing.

Back in the kitchen, she announced "Ok, let's go!"

Sandra was surprised. "That was fast! I didn't even finish my coffee yet!"

Both sisters left the house and walked downtown.

Monica was a regular at one particular café near the river that sold really excellent coffee, along with huge pieces of really good cake. She greeted the owner and ordered some rhubarb cheesecake and some special coffee from Kenya.

They sat down at a table outside on the bank of the river and enjoyed the sun.

Sandra told more of the atrocities that Carlos had committed during the 6 months that Sandra and him had been a couple. Monica didn't point out the massive red flags that had shown early in their relationship, but let Sandra figure them out herself while recounting the story.

"So - do you have any idea as to why he left you?"

"I have no idea - probably has an affair somewhere. But what other girl besides me could be dumb enough to fall for this guy? Stop, don't say it! It WAS really dumb to ignore all those red flags for so long."

"Well ..."

"I was in love with him, my brain was not really involved.", Sandra giggled. "By the way - how did it happen?"

"How did what happen?"

"Well - how did it come to be that your pyjamas looked like you showered in them?"

Again, Monica's face went hot. She had listened to Sandra's stories and had not made up a convincing story.

"I did shower in them.", she said jokingly.

Sandra laughed. "But after they got wet from other liquids. See, it has happened to me that I woke up in a soaked bed after I partied too hard and had a little too much to drink, but I've never wet my whole outfit from head to toe. Besides, I've never seen you touch any alcohol or go to any parties at all. Next up, you're going to tell me you've got a boyfriend now?"

"No, no, no, I'm pretty sure this will not happen in this life!"

"Ok, seriously, what happened?"

Monica was cornered. Sandra would not back off until she knew everything and there was no point in inventing stories for her. Her face turned bright red again, but there was nothing she could do.

"Well - This morning, I woke up - and I needed to pee - well - I didn't think it would be that much of a deal - and - well ahem - and I didn't know you would be around..."

"Wait - you did this on purpose?"

"Ehm - yes?"

"Ok, so that's sick - You're a grown woman and you just wet your bed? Why?"

"Well - because it feels good?"

Sandra's face looked blank.

"I mean - feels good does not do it justice. To me, it just feels too good to not do it. To be honest, I actually wet myself all the time if I can get away with it. For now, I've always gotten away with it - you're the first one ever to notice."

"That's some news! My big sister is a little pervert!", Sandra exclaimed.

"Shhshh! There's no need to inform the whole town!"

"Oops - sorry. Of course", Sandra added in a lower voice. "Are you finished, by the way?"

"Yes."

They got up, returned their dishes and left the cafe. Walking towards the nearby park on the bank of the river, Sandra asked: "So - how does it feel? I really can't imagine wetting myself. As I said, it did happen to me, but I was never sober enough to remember."

Monica was quiet for a moment. This time, she was not so much embarrassed, although she did not really like to talk about it, but rather because she didn't know how to answer.

"It's hard to describe. On the first level, you feel the flow. You feel your clothes getting wet and warm. That feels good, but that's not the feeling I'm after. On the second level, it's forbidden, it's naughty, while it still feels good. On the last level, I just can't describe it. Like I cannot describe how an orgasm feels."

Monica paused, looking at her sister who had listened carefully.

"Maybe you just have to try. Or maybe not. Sometimes I think I'm just addicted to it."

"You? Addicted to anything? That doesn't seem right. Besides, that never stopped me." Sandra chuckled. "I will try it. After all, there's no-one to judge me since Carlos left."

They had reached the park, located on an island on the river. Near the end of the island, they sat on a low brick wall that had once been part of a large building. Located in the bright summer sun, it was quite warm and comfortable to sit on.

They talked about how all men were assholes, Carlos in particular, along with some other former boyfriends of Sandra. Monica was sure that she would get over him pretty fast. Extrapolating from earlier experiences, Monica assumed that Sandra would have found someone new within the next month. For the first week after a break-up, however, Sandra would swear to never look at any man ever again. "Let's hope she finds someone better this time." she thought.

After looking out to the river for some time, Sandra suddenly turned around to look Monica straight in the eyes. "How do you do it?"

"What?"

"How do you start wetting your pants?" Sandra asked in a matter of fact like voice. "I've been trying for some minutes now, but nothing happens! It looks like I cannot do it!"

Monica was shocked for a moment. She had proposed trying for herself, but she hadn't really expected Sandra to do it, much less to try it right here, right now.

"Ehm - are you serious? Out here in public, for everyone to see? You're wearing jeans, it's gonna be very obvious on those!"

"Doesn't matter. You got me hooked, I want to try it. Besides, there's no-one around here. Hell - even if we meet someone, I don't care. I'll give them a show. Now tell me - how do you start?"

"I - I don't know. I'm not even sure I could do it right now. It's difficult to relax when someone could surprise you at any moment."

"Like I surprised you this morning?"

"I was long finished peeing when you rang the doorbell - I had just finished fingering myself when you arrived." Monica was amazed how comfortable she had become, talking about her fetish.

"You masturbated in your pee? Was it good? This is getting better and better! I just have to do this right now!" Sandra stood up and Monica noticed that her sister's belly had started to bulge. Obviously, she had needed to pee for quite a while now. Sandra stood with her legs apart, facing Monica. Her gaze went into the distance and Monica stared at Sandra's crotch. After a few seconds, Sandra did a little pee-pee-dance and sat down again.

"Aaaah - I can't! This is a little frustrating", Sandra announced. "I try to relax, but I can't!"

"Well - distracting yourself might help. But if you really want to feel it, you have to go through this and actually concentrate on peeing. In fact, I wish I could go back to the time when I couldn't do it as easily - the feeling dulls after doing it a few times."

"That's the moment you need the stronger drugs", Sandra replied.

Monica thought about this. "Maybe I am addicted.", she thought, but before she could continue on this line of thought, Sandra continued:

"I have something stronger for you: Show me! Do it for me, right here, right now."

Monica's thoughts raced. She didn't like where this was going. This had always been a very private matter for her.

"Do it! In fact, nobody will notice as long as you don't let anyone look up your skirt."

Sandra was right. Nobody would notice. Her dress was short, but if she didn't do anything fancy, the chances of anyone getting a glimpse of what was under it were fairly slim. Besides, she wanted to do it. In fact, the thought of her sister watching her do it actually excited her.

Monica sighed. "Okay."

She sat on the wall, facing Sandra, lifted her bum a little to pull out the hem of her dress, spreading it behind her. She put her feet on the ground in front of her, spreading her legs a little to give Sandra a good look of her panties. Then she relaxed. She could feel that her bladder was quite full as well. Nothing happened. She was far too excited to just let go. She watched Sandra sit down astride the wall, one leg dangling down on either side. Monica tried to relax again, focusing on her breath. She could feel a little relaxation, felt pee moving downwards.

Suddenly, a dark spot appeared on the crotch of Sandra's jeans. Startled, Monica clenched her bladder again without a single drop of pee escaping.

"Wow - that actually felt good." Sandra exclaimed, with excitement showing in her face. "Can you see it? I have to do more!"

The dark spot on Sandra's jeans started glistening again and grew a little, then the glistening disappeared as the fabric soaked up the pee.

"That is soooo good. Hey, now it's your turn, I don't want to be the only one going home in wet panties!"

Monica took a deep breath and relaxed again. She concentrated on her bladder and felt it slowly relaxing. Again, she could feel the pee moving. In the corner of her eye, she could see that the dark spot on Sandra's jeans had started glistening again. There! Monica felt a little trickle escape into her panties. Sandra was too preoccupied to even notice. The flow felt painful. Monica clenched her muscles to stop it, then immediately relaxed again. This time, her bladder complied and a steady stream of pee started to gush into her panties. Monica didn't want to stop it, she didn't bother with individual spurts this time. This time she just let everything go.

Now Sandra noticed. Fascinated, she stared at Monica's panties with yellow pee gushing right through the thin white fabric.

"Wow - you're not holding back. Is it better to let everything go at once? I wanna try this!", she proclaimed and seconds later, her jeans started glistening again.

Monica liked her sister watching her while she peed her panties, but the excitement of being watched did not really add to the feeling. Wetting her panties had never really been her favourite, she preferred having more fabric to soak. It still felt good, so she continued to pee until her bladder was empty.

As her own stream ebbed off, it was Monica's turn to look surprised, as her little sister peed an insane amount into her jeans, without a care in the world. She was amazed, since she would never dare do it in a public place like that. Sandra's faded jeans showed the wetness pretty well and without seeing it, she knew how Sandra's back side would look like. She actually looked forward to looking at it, but she would not want anyone to see her like that. Whenever there was a risk of being seen, she wore clothes that would make it less obvious to the casual observer.

Maybe she would get the hang of it some time.

With a final relaxing sigh, Sandra pushed the last drops into her panties. "That was sooo great."

"You have really gone all in - I think absolutely everybody is going to notice your wet jeans!"

"So be it. I'm heartbroken, I'm allowed to do crazy shit! I'm pretty sure it's healthier than getting wasted."

"Definitely. But for some weird reason, getting wasted is somehow more socially accepted than wetting your jeans", Monica replied, laughing.

"By the way, you're putting on a nice show as well. You do know that these thin wet panties leave very little to the imagination about what your pussy looks like?"

Again, Monica felt blood shooting into her face and she was sure her blushing was quite obvious. She tried to keep a straight face and replied "Do you like what you see?"

"You look gorgeous - " Sandra paused, noticing Monica's blushing face. "Hey - no need to be embarrassed! You should be proud of your body, you're one of the hottest women I know, so I think everybody would like to see that. Besides - I'm the one who's gonna walk home in visibly soaked jeans"

"Thank you", Monica replied. Her sister seemed to catch her mood faster than she could think about what to say. Nevertheless, she sat up straight and let her dress settle on her lap, covering her wet panties. Only two rivulets flowing down on either side of the wall would tell a careful observer what had happened.

"About that - I think we should not walk back through the town centre. Even as bold as you are, your jeans are a little too obvious".

"Do you think so?", Sandra replied mischievous, standing up and looking down at the back of her thoroughly soaked jeans.

"Only a little bit, but maybe we should take another route." said Monica. While looking at Sandra's wet bum, she added "talking about nice bodies - you look really good in wet jeans."

"Maybe I can attract a new guy if we walk through town like this.. One with the right preferences"

"Now I'm thinking you actually ARE drunk."

Both laughed.

"How about we went home, get you into some dry clothes and then get some lunch?"

"You're reading my thoughts. Do you know a route where there are less people around? I suddenly feel much less confident about my jeans right now."

"I've got you covered. We'll avoid the town centre. There will probably still be people around, but it won't be that full."

They got up. Grinning, they looked at the puddles they had made on and around the wall, then walked towards Monica's flat. They did meet some people, but no-one seemed to notice Sandra's peed jeans. Monica was surprised. She had assumed that everybody would stare at them and half of them would give them nasty comments.

Ten minutes later, they walked into the driveway of Monica's flat. Since it was lunchtime, the streets were devoid of children playing, so they got inside unnoticed.

Both women simultaneously let out a sigh of relief when the door closed. They immediately burst into laughter.

*007*2024-06-26 08:59

Thanks for all your feedback. I'm working on it, but I'm a little short on time right now. Please be patient, I will post the next chapter soon. (It is already written, but I have to review it to make sure I don't have any inconsistencies in there).

*008*2024-07-04 21:01

"I told you nobody would notice!", Sandra exclaimed, still giggling. "First thing, I need a bathroom."

"Well I don't, but please, go", Monica replied. At the same time, she released the pee that had built up in her own bladder. She moaned slightly as pee flooded her panties, ran down her legs and splashed on the floor.

"Oh" Sandra was a little bit baffled. "Ehm - do you mind if I also ...?"

"Just do it already - You may officially wet yourself anywhere in my flat."

Sandra complied immediately. A hissing sound emerged from Sandra's panties and her jeans, that had almost dried up, began glistening again. Watching her, Monica regretted not wearing jeans, like Sandra did. She could feel so much more of it. Watching her sister empty her bladder in her jeans, Monica contemplated whether it was ok to touch herself while her sister was watching.

Sandra's eyes were closed and Monica could see how she felt from the look of her face while a huge stream of pee flowed through her jeans.

Monica kept watching until Sandra's stream subsided and she slowly opened her eyes again.

"Felt good, eh?"

"Ohhh yessss!", Sandra replied. "I want to do it again right now, but I'm empty."

"Oh, we can change that", Monica answered with a wink.

She walked to the kitchen, opened the fridge and took two huge bottles of sparkling water. Annoyed by the squelching in her wet shoes, she slipped out of them while she handed one of the bottles to Sandra. "Drink up!"

Sandra grinned and opened her bottle.

Meanwhile, Monica took off her socks and threw them directly into the washing machine. Barefooted, she came back to inspect the huge puddle in the hallway.

"I think I should do something about this", she said with a general gesture. "Take off your shoes and socks - It's unhealthy to get wet feet".

Monica opened her own bottle and emptied the whole 1.5 l bottle in one big gulp while Sandra fumbled with her wet shoes. When it was empty, she threw the empty bottle through the kitchen door. While her sister was still working on her shoes, Monica inspected her dress.

"It seems I have not been careful enough" she said, showing a wet stain on the back side. "Well - I want some more fabric to wet anyways".

Having said that, she took off the dress and threw it into the puddle. Her panties followed.

Sandra stared at Monica's naked body with her mouth open. Monica noticed, surprised. "Don't tell me you're fine with wetting yourself in public, but seeing your big sister's naked butt makes you flinch?"

"Well, you could say that.", Sandra replied shyly.

Monica picked up her soaked dress and panties and looked at her sister, who still stared at her. Monica shrugged.

"I'm somewhat used to people staring at my body, but even my boss is more discreet with it - and I can almost feel his gaze pierce my clothes every time.", Monica teased. Sandra's face went bright red and she averted her eyes.

"Hey, It's ok, you may look all you want. Just be quick because I'll get dressed again once my clothes are in the washing machine. By the way - shall I wash your stuff too? I should have something that fits you and your clothes will be dry by tonight."

"That would be lovely."

"Just put them in, I'll get some more stuff to wash". That said, Monica turned around and walked towards her bedroom to pull off the wet sheets. On entering the room, she could smell the pee in the sheets. She liked the smell of fresh pee, but although it was only from this morning, it already had a foul note.

When she returned to the bathroom, Sandra was just putting the last piece of clothing in the washer. "Well, you have a really nice butt as well", Monica said. Sandra turned around in an instant with her face bright red.

"I'm sorry", Monica quickly said at the intimidated look on Sandra's face. "I'll get you something to cover up."

Monica stuffed the armful of bedsheets into the laundry basket and went back to her bedroom to select some clothes that would fit. She returned to the bathroom and handed them to Sandra, who hadn't moved.

"Here - these should fit you!"

"Thank you." Sandra grabbed the stack of clothes and began dressing with trembling fingers.

Monica grabbed a mop and bucket and left the room, leaving her sister alone to get dressed. She wiped up the puddle in the hallway, dried her feet and went to her bedroom to get dressed herself. She selected some white cotton panties and a pair of white jeans. Today, she had an audience, so she wanted to make a show of wetting herself. Not to mention that they felt wonderful when wet. A light green t-shirt and white socks completed her outfit.

When she came back to the bathroom, Sandra was dressed and pushing the last of the bedsheets into the washing machine. Monica's clothes fit her decently. She was a little smaller than Monica, so the jeans that were supposed to fit tightly didn't fit as good as they should, but Sandra still looked good in them.

They started the washer and moved to the kitchen. Monica picked up the empty bottle and put it in a large bag, then picked a new one from the fridge and emptied it as well.

Sandra shyly nibbled at her own bottle.

"Drink up! What doesn't get in doesn't come out!" Monica teased her sister.

"It seems, you are quite practiced."

"Well..." Monica blushed a little. "Some tea?"

Without waiting for an answer, Monica put on the kettle. She fetched a tray and brought biscuits and cups to the balcony. Sandra followed her, still drinking from her water bottle.

"Sit down, I'll bring the tea."

A minute later, Monica arrived with the steaming tea pot and poured some tea for both of them.

"Actually, this might have been a bad idea. I really wanted to pee myself, but if we want to go out for lunch, we should not fill up that much."

"Why not?"

"I will feel these three litres of water in my bladder in about half an hour", Monica lectured, "but it will be hours until I get back to normal. This is perfectly fine if I want to wet myself all day, I could change and wet a fresh pair of trousers every hour. But it will get quite uncomfortable when we go out later."

Sandra grinned devilish. "I see a challenge coming up."

"I will not wet myself in a restaurant. And neither should you. It's ok to make a puddle in the street, but you can't do it in a restaurant where someone has to clean this up."

Sandra showed a disappointed look on her face, but Monica was right.

Monica took a sip from her tea. Sandra followed suit, thinking.

"We can still make this a challenge. Nobody wets themselves in the restaurant. But there's no bathrooms after that."

"This seems fair to me. But only if you drink up. Remember, I'm one bottle ahead of you."

Sandra took her bottle and gulped down the rest of it.

"How can you drink so much water? You just downed three litres!"

"Practice. When I got into this, I drank a whole bottle each time I went to the bathroom, until my pee was absolutely clear. That way, smell is not an issue. It was much later that I realised that it's not an issue anyways. I have to clean everything either way."

"How long did it take you to find that out?"

"Actually... a few years. In fact, smell was only an issue when I lived with Mum and Dad. Once I lived alone, there was nobody there to notice anyways. But the habit stuck for quite a while."

"How long have you been into this."

"Since forever. I can remember wetting myself back when we lived at grandma's house. For some reason, it didn't feel good then, but I still continued to do it. Mum must have noticed it, but she never said anything and I did my best to keep it secret, so I hid wet clothes in plastic bags until I found an opportunity to wash them without anyone noticing. If you don't wash your peed clothes for a week, they smell really bad, so I tried to reduce the smell as far as possible."

"You must be the only person on this planet who will go through so much effort to wet yourself."

"Wet myself and not get caught! That is the point."

"Well - good point. On the other hand, I just wet myself in plain daylight and nobody cared."

"That is a very good point and I will think a lot about this. Although I'm very sure I will never do it the way you did."

"Well - we'll see how this afternoon goes."

Monica smirked. She was confident that she would not be the one who walked home in wet jeans this afternoon. Although the idea was definitely appealing.

"Concerning this afternoon - any idea on what you would like to eat?"

"I'm not too familiar with what's available here - any suggestions?"

"There's a really nice asian street food restaurant down the river. They have a nice garden and we can probably get a space on a Sunday afternoon."

"That sounds good - let's go for it."

"I think, I'll have something else to attend first." Monica shifted her chair, moving it away from the table and leaned back. Sandra didn't understand at first. Monica spread her legs a little to give her sister a good view of her white jeans. She released a little bit of pee, making a little wet spot in her crotch. She immediately stopped the flow, just for the feel of it. Only seconds later, she released her pee again, going for a longer spurt and a larger wet spot. Her white jeans became transparent, clearly showing her white panties underneath. Another, even longer spurt was released.

Monica could feel the wetness creeping down her pussy and wetting the back of her jeans. Again she stopped, clenching her muscles, pressing her pee back, making her need to pee even more. Just before the pain became unbearable, she released her pee again, going for a long stream this time. Now she could really feel the pee hitting the inside of her panties hard, warming her, massaging her pussy. She felt her nipples erect. She knew that her sister could see it as well, but right now, she didn't care anymore. She stopped the flow again, going after another wave of pressure.

This time, however, she couldn't wait any longer. She released her pee, moaning. She caressed her crotch while her stream of pee was going right through it. Then she took her wet hand away and fumbled her breast with it, making her tee-shirt wet and see-through as well. This was too much for her. She slipped her other hand into her panties and began rubbing her pussy, feeling the stream of pee hitting her hand. With a loud moan, she climaxed, convulsing in her chair, still peeing herself.

For a few seconds, pee continued splashing on the balcony, while Monica fell back in her chair, deeply enjoying the aftermath of her orgasm and the feeling of wetting herself completely.

Sandra stared at her with her mouth gaping open. Monica had obviously put on a show for her, but this orgasm had been real. She wanted to do this as well, although masturbating while her sister was watching was completely out of question.

While Monica slowly came to her senses and pressed the last droplets into her soaking panties, Sandra evaluated the state of her own bladder. She didn't technically need to pee right now, but she wanted to. She hadn't drunk nearly as much as Monica. Still, she decided to try. She spread her legs and relaxed.

Monica had recovered and looked intently at her sister, who had put on a suspiciously blank face and didn't seem to notice Monica looking. She spread her legs a little and Monica could see a little movement in her crotch. It seemed like she was trying to release her pee. She couldn't be nearly as full as Monica had been, but it could be enough for a decent wetting. Sandra let out a little moan. Seconds later, a dark spot appeared on her jeans and grew. A hissing noise indicated that Sandra was not holding back. Very soon, pee started splashing down through plastic net of the chair. Only a few moments later, the stream subsided and Sandra looked up.

"That was all", she said, disappointed.

"You have to wait for more to build up."

"But you didn't wait either!"

"Remember that I drank three litres of water? Let's change and get something to eat."

The sisters went inside. Monica jumped over the carpet in the living room to avoid getting pee on it. Sandra's feet had stayed dry, so she just quickly tiptoed over.

Monica went straight for her bedroom quickly flicked through her clothes and handed Sandra a new set that should be an acceptable fit.

"Here you are - just go into the bathroom to change"

Although she had enjoyed the view of Sandra's naked body, Monica had seen that Sandra didn't like it and she respected that. Instead, she looked at herself in the mirror. Her white jeans were pretty much transparent and frankly, her body looked quite hot in wet jeans.

Still, she pulled them off, which was quite a task, given that they were quite tight and thoroughly soaked. Monica threw them into the laundry basket and put on some fresh black panties and a pair of black jeans this time. Monica was quite sure that she would beat Sandra in any holding challenge, but she was careful.

Dressed like that, she went to see how Sandra was doing.

*009*2024-07-12 22:18

Monica looked around the corner just in time to catch Sandra pull her hand out of her wet jeans, with a blush on her face.

"Sorry!", Monica said and quickly retreated to the living room, sat down on the couch and thought about what she had just seen. Sandra was definitely hot in her wet jeans, even if they were not a perfect fit. While she thought about it, Monica realised that she would like to see her sister masturbate but it would be very creepy. Besides, Sandra was unlikely to succeed right now..

Sandra came to the living room only a minute later, fully dressed. The new clothes fit Sandra pretty well. Again, they were a little too large, but still an acceptable fit.

"Ready to go?", Monica asked, getting up.

"Yes - I'm sorry, I didn't want to intimidate you back there."

"I was the intruder, I'm sorry. I didn't expect you to do anything but change."

"Oh I shouldn't have tried"

"Well - I just did it in front of you so why shouldn't you? Earlier today, I thought this was highly inappropriate and was definitely not going to do it. But when I put on a show for you, I got so horny that i just didn't care anymore."

"Oh - I liked your show - just wasn't expecting that of you."

Monica giggled. "Me neither"

Before leaving, they started the washing machine again and hung Sandra’s own clothes to dry. Then, they walked down to the river and towards the restaurant. Monica had forgotten to make a reservation, but now that they were already on their way, they decided to try anyways.

It was a fifteen-minute walk there. Once arrived, they found the restaurant almost empty. They were the only customers that wanted to eat in the garden and selected a table in the corner.

"Do you mind if I get a beer with my food?", Sandra asked. "I know you don't drink."

"Not at all - order whatever you like. I'll just get a Coke."

Once they had placed their orders and gotten their drinks, they sat back and enjoyed the sun.

"You know, I'm not good at this" Sandra suddenly said.

"Good at what?"

"Well - touching myself. When you caught me in the bathroom, I thought it looked so easy when you did it. I wanted to try as well. I just didn't want to do it in front of you."

"Hey, that's totally fine - I didn't want to invade your privacy. As for 'not good at it': You tried in an unfamiliar space, pressed for time, standing up. I would never assume I could climax in those conditions myself."

"It was a very very long shot", Sandra giggled. "But for real, I'm really not good at it. I barely even try any more. It does feel good, but in the end, I'm disappointed that I didn't get there."

"Maybe I should try it for you", Monica replied jokingly.

Sandra laughed. "Hey, I only had half a beer - I'm not nearly drunk enough for this."

The sisters were still laughing when the waiter walked out and brought their food.

"Anything else I can get you?"

"I'll take another beer", Sandra replied, emptying her glass.

The food was excellent and they didn't leave a spec on their plates. Sandra had ordered another beer while eating and Monica began to think that Sandra was either trying to get "drunk enough" or trying to "accidentally" pee herself while still at the restaurant. Neither thought seemed pleasant right now.

Monica felt her own bladder already, but she was confident that she could hold it for quite some time yet. She had decided to up the game a little by not using the bathroom in the restaurant. Sandra either had made the same decision or simply forgot to pee before leaving the restaurant.

They went for a walk up the river. The restaurant was on the very edge of town. There were only vineyards in this direction and nobody worked there on a Sunday afternoon in this heat.

After 10 minutes of walking, Sandra stood for a moment and bent over. "Wow. If this is going on, you'll win our challenge much faster than expected."

Monica laughed. "Trust me, you can hold for much longer than you think if you don't give up. In fact, waiting until you're really bursting and you can't stop it any more feels really good."

Sandra looked unsure. "I'll try."

They continued along the way, but the stops where Sandra bent over and pressed her hand into her crotch got more and more frequent. Monica was unsure how desperate her sister really was. She had drunk two cokes while at the restaurant and felt like she could hold it for ages.

Sandra bent over again. "Ahhh. I can't hold it any more."

"Keep it in! You won't regret it!"

"Ahh. I. try." Sandra was really straining.

They continued on their way, walking on a path through a meadow with high grass and colourful flowers everywhere. It seemed that every other person in town had fled the sun as they were completely alone.

Sandra bent over again. "The pressure is so strong. It feels good, but it's also painful. But it also feels good."

"When I'm in that situation, I just continue walking. Don't stop, don't hold yourself, just hold it in. It's actually easier to hold while you're walking. Ok, maybe it's just harder to pee."

Sandra grinned and continued along the path. Monica could see the strain on her face. She wouldn't hold for long. Either she would just let go at one point or she would actually get to the point where she lost it. Either way, it wouldn't be long.

Monica inspected the state of her own bladder. She could feel some pressure now, but it would be a very long time until she got to the state Sandra was in.

"Ah!" Sandra's cry disturbed Monica's thoughts. "I just leaked a little. But I can still hold it."

Monica stared at Sandra's jeans, but nothing was visible yet.

Sandra walked on. "Oh! Another one - I don't think this is going to hold for very much longer."

Monica could see that Sandra was holding it with all the force she had.

"Ahh! Oh that felt so good!"

"Wow - you're really brave. I rarely get past the second spurt."

"Ohhhhh - that was a big one. But. I. Can. Hold. It."

Sandra's jeans were now visibly wet, but she still tried her best to hold it, although the spurts came faster and faster. Suddenly, she stopped walking. "Aaaahhh - that's sooooo good. Oh the relief. Ohhhhhhh."

Sandra just stood in the middle of the path and it just happened. Pee splashed down her legs like a waterfall. She stared into the distance while she totally soaked her jeans. She wet them so completely that it was no longer obvious that she wet herself, they were just a darker shade of blue.

"Wow - that was good. You were right, holding until you can't anymore is another level of wetting yourself."

"This looked really good. I'm not full enough yet to join you, although I'd like to."

"Oh yes, I'm looking forward to it. You said you rarely get past the second spurt - what did you mean?"

"Well - I just let go at some point. I like the painful sensation of the pressure. I even stop the stream to feel it. But I can't bear it that long. In fact, I think I've never held it as long as you just did."

"In the end, it just came out. I tried to clench, but it didn't work any more. That's the point where I gave up. But it was really great, getting to the point and experiencing how it breaks down. What now? For how long can you hold it?"

"I think about an hour. I wouldn't have expected it after drinking so much earlier, but today, the feeling is still quite bearable."

They sat down in the sun, enjoying the beautiful day. Sandra took off her soaked jeans and put them down beside her to dry. After a few minutes in the sun, Monica's black jeans became quite warm.

"It's so hot here. What do you think about jumping into that river?"

"I don't have a bathing suit with me."

"Well, neither do I, but there's no-one around, it's been an hour since we met anyone." Monica answered, taking off her clothes.

"You're cheating! Peeing in the river is not fair!"

"And waste all that good pee? Never!", Monica replied while carefully stepping into the water. It was surprisingly warm, but still refreshing.

Sandra stood on the shore, watching Monica's bum disappear in the clear water while she swam to the middle of the river. There was not much current her since the river was dammed up with a power station half a kilometre down.

Sandra took a deep breath and pulled off her t-shirt and panties and jumped right in. She joined Monica splashing around the bank of the river. After a few minutes, they decided to get out, although the water felt damn good on naked skin.

They didn't have any towels with them, so they laid down in the high grass to dry in the sun.

"Just remember to turn frequently - you don't want to get burned!", Monica warned.

After a few minutes, Monica felt dry enough to put on her clothes. She didn't want to risk a full-body sunburn. Besides, her bladder now sent more frequent distress signals and she had a promise to keep.

Sandra's skin was used to tanning on a sunbed, so she could stay in the sun for a little longer. She was more afraid of someone walking their dog while she lay naked on the grass. Just as Monica was finished getting dressed, Sandra got up to put on her clothes. Her jeans were not dry, but the wetness was no longer visible. Her panties were far less fabric, they were almost dry.

"They're ready for their next use", Sandra joked.

Monica knew what she was talking about. If Sandra hadn't peed in the water, her bladder had probably filled up again by now.

"When do you have to get up tomorrow", Sandra suddenly asked.

"Well - I have an appointment at nine thirty, so I'll get up at about half past seven."

"How about we go out tonight, have a nice evening? I'm not in the mood to go home. Carlos still has a key. I doubt he'll come back, but I don't want to deal with him right now. If I come back late, he'll be either not there or already asleep."

"Ok. Let's take the long way home, It should be about two hours walking and we can get to my place without coming through busy areas."

"You're still worried about being seen wet?"

"Yes - in particular by neighbours."

"Do you know them?"

"Not really. I still don't want to be seen with wet trousers. Even if I don't know them, I don't want them to know me as the grown woman who wet herself on the way home."

"Ok, fair enough. Let's go."

They walked further up the river, until they arrived at a small pedestrian bridge. They started crossing the river, but stopped in the middle of the bridge to watch a school of large fish directly below them. A man with a dog passed them and Monica thought about whether the dog could smell the pee in their panties, but the dog ignored them. Just after the dog passed, Monica remembered that she had nothing in her panties yet. But it was good to know that the dog had also ignored Sandra's jeans that now looked dry on the outside.

On the other side of the river, they climbed out of the valley and entered the woods. Monica usually used her bike in this forest, but the distance was quite doable on foot. Soon after the climb, Sandra began to dance again.

"I'm already on the verge of pissing myself again. How do you handle this, you should be absolutely bursting by now! Did you secretly pee in the water?"

"No I didn't and yes, I am close to bursting."

"Wow - you look like you are completely fine."

"Believe me, I'm not. I'm just used to not show any signs of trouble. I was once called to a meeting with a client while I was on my way to the bathroom. I went in, thinking it was just a few technical questions and it turned out to be another hour. I kept a straight face until the client had left the building, he didn't notice anything and bought from us the same night."

"Wow - I couldn't have done that."

"Well - if you're lucky with your future job, you'll never have to. I don't recommend going into consulting. Still, it pays well."

"How long do you think you can hold it?"

"Dunno - maybe a few minutes, maybe half an hour. It's difficult to say at this point."

Sandra danced around a little more.

"You really look like there's no trouble at all, no squirming, not even a change of pace. How do you do it?"

"Well - I could bend over and hold myself every few steps. It helps with the pressure. But I found that it doesn't actually feel better. I want my bladder to give way on its own, lose control. I have accepted my fate, I don't want to fight it or postpone it. I want to really feel it. For now, I am stronger. I feel the pressure, I feel the pain. For now, I can handle the pain. Sometimes, I can't handle the pain past a certain point and let go. Sometimes, I get to the limit and pee comes out on its own, with no way to stop it. Right now, I try to get to that point, but I won't fight it. When it happens, I just let it happen and enjoy it."

For a while, Sandra walked quietly next to Monica, still holding her crotch.

With a determined gesture, she took her hand out and grabbed Monica's hand. "I'll try it your way."

For a few minutes, they walked in silence, hand in hand, through the woods. Suddenly, Sandra let out a moan. "Ahh - It started! Ahhh. I can force it back once more!"

Only a little wet spot had formed on her jeans. It wouldn't stay little for long. With another moan, another large spurt escaped Sandra. Two more steps, then Sandra stopped walking. Monica could see the dark spot growing quickly. Sandra still had a strained look on her face, until she suddenly relaxed and a hissing noise announced that Sandra had given up. Pee flooded into her jeans. The pre-wet fabric soaked it up quickly and spread it all over her bum, crotch and legs. Sandra leaned against a tree and just enjoyed.

Stopping and hearing Sandra pee herself was too much for Monica's bladder. Monica felt a little trickle flowed steady through her tightly closed sphincter. She tried to stop it, but she couldn't. It was not a large flow, but it was unstoppable. Monica gave up and released. She felt the pee splash against her panties, filling them, filling her pussy. Her tight jeans took a while to soak up the pee and instead just filled up.

For a moment, it almost felt like wearing a diaper, with the pee almost getting up to the waistband before leaking down her legs and soaking through the seam at the crotch. Monica was in heaven. She didn't notice the world around her, she didn't notice Sandra looking at her with wide eyes as huge amounts of pee flowed through her jeans. It took quite a while for Monica to come back to her senses. Sandra stood opposite to her on the path in the woods. Her jeans were soaked as well, but Monica's were wet all around, it seemed there was no dry spot on them left, although it was difficult to see on the black.

"Wow - I didn't believe you that you were on the edge until now. I really thought you cheated in the river. I'm sorry."

"All fine - I didn't cheat, but I still take it as a compliment that you really didn't notice anything. I think your wetting threw me over the edge. Stopping and then hearing you piss yourself, that's just too much."

"You're welcome", Sandra said, giggling.

"Did you enjoy your wetting?"

"Oh yes - I think next time, I'll let go on purpose again, but the feeling of actually losing control also has its merits."

"Totally. But you're right - I do it differently, depending on my mood and the situation. Something like this takes hours. I could have wet myself three times at home, but sometimes, I need this."

"I could see that. I thought you would orgasm again"

"Actually, it was different this time. I'm quite horny now, but it's not this «I need to finger myself now» feeling that I had earlier. But I will definitely wet myself a few more times on the way home."

"So no more waiting then?"

"No - It's a hot day, so it doesn't matter that much, but these jeans get cold. Just peeing some more is the best way to warm them up."

"And keep you wet"

"In fact, that's not quite my style. It's more of a side effect. I once tried wearing a skirt and slowly wetting myself all day. I only let go a little every few minutes, so my panties could soak up everything and dry up. It actually worked, but it didn't feel that good and my pussy was rubbed sore the next day. Maybe I'll try it for a shorter period of time someday."

Monica sat down on a tree trunk, took off her shoes and socks and dried them a little. "I don't like the squelchy feeling."

"Well - the pee just ran through these."

They continued on their path, but Monica's bladder was already filling again. All the liquid she had drunk finally came back to her.

