The Break-Up

By nalekema

*010*2024-10-23 19:26

Sorry for the long wait. I'm now regretting some of the decisions i made early on in the story, but what's published is published. I need better plans where my stories go in the future. Still, this has to be finished, so here comes the next chapter:

Still walking in the woods, Monica suddenly stopped. Sandra turned around. „What’s up?“

„I think I’m ready again. I just can’t start while I’m walking… Ahhhhh.“

Pee rushed out of her, filling her panties again, warming her bum and legs. She stood still, feeling it, resting in herself while completely flooding everything. Still peeing, she opened her eyes, looked at Sandra and decisively walked on, leaving a trail of droplets on the dirt road.

Sandra looked envious at her glistening wet jeans. She was not ready yet.

„You’re looking incredibly hot in those glistening jeans. Or maybe it’s only the fact that you just wet yourself because you wanted to.“

„Thanks - to be honest: I still do.“

Peeing while walking was an entirely different experience. Monica had to concentrate in order not to stop peeing, but it felt good in a completely different way. Her stream started to fade, so she gave a little push to keep up the flow. Oh it felt so good.

Monica relaxed, then gave another strong push to get the last drops out. „Damn, that was good. I should have brought something to drink, that was almost it.“

„You get something when we get home“ Sandra said soothingly like Monica was a small child complaining about being thirsty in the middle of nowhere. Both laughed loudly.

„How about you?“

„I don’t think I’m ready yet. I do feel something, but it’s not a big one.“

„I didn’t have a big one - I could have easily lasted till home, I just wanted to pee myself.“

Giggling, they walked on. The forest got thinner here, more specs of hot sunlight hit the ground and warmed up their wet jeans.

Sandra suddenly took Monica’s hand and held it to her crotch that got warm and wet again. „Do you feel it? I’m peeing again.“

Monica felt Sandra’s pee flow over her hand. It was a strange feeling. It felt warm, comfortable, but… it wasn’t her own pee. It wasn’t her own pussy. It felt very intimate. On a whim, she pressed her hand harder into Sandra’s crotch.

„Oh - It seems you know how to please a girl“, Sandra teased.

Monica pulled her hand away, embarrassed for what she had just done. Sandra was her sister after all. „I’m sorry“

Sandra immediately grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her into her arms. „Hey, it’s ok. I wouldn’t have let you touch me if I didn’t like it. There’s no need to be embarrassed.“

Monica looked into Sandra’s eyes. She actually meant it. „Thank you. It felt. Wonderful. Strange. Intimate. I can’t really tell.“

„Everything is fine. I didn’t want to call you out. It did feel good how you touched me. Maybe I should get more drunk. And you should piss yourself, you’ll feel better then.“

Monica complied and let her bladder relax. There was not much pee left, but Sandra was right. Everything felt better with wet panties. Monica felt the embarrassment fade. Sandra held her close.

„Let’s move on. We have a date tonight!“

Monica was not quite sure she had agreed to that, but well. They walked on and soon arrived at the edge of the woods. Bright sunlight warmed them and further dried their clothes. When they saw the first buildings, their jeans were dry enough not to show anything.

Sandra was a little squirmy once again.

„It’s another 10 minutes - do you think you can hold it? There will probably be children playing in the driveway when we get home.“

„Will they notice?“

„Definitely. They will probably laugh at you. Or they might be actually disturbed by it. I would prefer if you didn’t arrive in wet jeans.“

„Ok. I’ll hold it. But it’s going to be tough.“

They walked in silence for a few hundred meters. At the edge of town, Sandra bent over once again.

„How do you fill up so fast? I had much more to drink and I think I’m done!“, Monica asked. In fact, she was not done, she did feel herself fill up again, but barely noticed any pressure yet. She could hold it for hours if she needed to.

„I don’t know. Maybe the beer goes to your bladder faster.“

„Do you think you can make it?“

„I think so“

They walked on. Another 100 meters, the parking lot of the apartment complex was already in sight. Sandra stopped to press down the pee. After a few seconds, she continued walking.

„Ah - I leaked!“, Sandra cried, just as they walked down to the parking lot. „And it feels so fuckin’ good!“

Monica assessed the situation. Of course there were children in the road. She could hear them. It was about 17:00 hours, it would be at least another hour until they went home. Sandra only leaked a little, barely visible, but she wasn’t going to make it. Arriving with wet pants and the children seeing it was one thing, but Sandra losing control and wetting herself in front of them was even less of an option.

„Ah, another one. Uh, that was good. Monica, I’m not going to make it!“

„Ok, change of plans. You see my car over there? Get into the driver’s seat. It’s probably best if you wet yourself there, but if you don’t make it, its not that bad, nobody will see you, only your trace on the floor might be noticed. I’ll get you some trousers to change into.“

„Ok.“

Sandra hobbled towards the car while Monica went straight to her flat. She couldn’t resist looking back at Sandra, who had obviously leaked some more, since there was a very visible dark patch on her bum now. Monica ran up the stairs, grabbed her car keys and remotely unlocked the car. Then, she looked at her wardrobe. There were no trousers left that would fit Sandra, so she picked a colourful sundress at random, folded it to a small packet and went back out.

Monica approached her car. Sandra was in the driver’s seat. There were occasional small puddles on the ground, but it seemed she had mostly made it to the car. Monica carefully looked into the car, just in case Sandra was doing anything where she might disturb. Sandra looked completely zoned out. Either she had already climaxed or she was still peeing. Monica silently sat down in the passenger seat. A hissing noise indicated that Sandra was not finished yet. Her jeans glistened, she was seemingly in heaven. Monica let her enjoy it to the end.

Sandra opened her eyes and looked around. „Ah, you’re here. That was so good. I leaked again and again, but it wasn’t much. By the time I arrived at the car, I was quite wet, but still more or less under control. Then I shut the door after myself and just let it happen. It was so good, I think it was the best wetting so far. I’m sorry, I’ve drenched your seat, I hope it can be cleaned.“

„That’s why I directed you to the driver’s seat - It has a protective cover on it. We can just take it out tonight.“

„Wow - you’re really prepared for everything.“

„Well - I love wetting myself in the car, but cleaning car seats is quite a piece of work. I brought you a dress, since I have not trousers left in your size. I hope it fits.“

„It looks great! Now how do I change in here, without getting the dress wet?“

„Get out, put on the dress and pull off the jeans under it. Nobody will see you between the cars.“

Sandra did as she was told.

„Drop the wet panties as well or you will have a wet patch on the back on the dress.“

Monica fought the urge to stare at her sister while she removed her panties under the dress. That girl really was hot.

Once everything was done, Monica got a plastic bag from the trunk and put the wet clothes in. A casual observer would assume they had just gotten something from the car.

The children ignored them as they went back to the flat. With a sigh of relief, Monica closed the door behind them. She leaned back on the door, closed her eyes and released her own bladder, flooding her own jeans again. All stress was relieved as the warm feeling went through her. Monica sat down into her puddle, letting everything go while Sandra watched. Now, she was done.

*012*2025-04-25 21:41

{{On 4/8/2025 at 12:09 AM, goocy said:

Incredibly hot! Such a rare and treasured genre, and your writing is a delight.

}}

Thanks a lot. You remind me that I have to continue this story soon.

*014*2025-05-04 20:47

{{On 4/26/2025 at 12:13 AM, Alba wetting said:

So psicological! I love it

}}

To be honest - I have no idea what you're talking about, but thanks a lot!

I'm sorry, it took that long - I'll try to publish future chapters a little more frequently. This chapter is a little drier than the earlier ones, I hope you still enjoy it.

Sandra burst into laughter. „You needed to pee too?“

„Well 'need' is a strong word. I had something that could be released, now that everything is packed up neat. I just - wanted to do it, let it go, feel the flow. Feel someone staring at me and actually enjoying it. I’m so happy to have you as my little sister.“

Sandra blushed, sat down to Monica and silently took her into her arms.

After a moment, they got up and inspected the state of their clothing. Monica’s black jeans were soaked again. Sandra’s sundress was still dry. She still wore the t-shirt under it, but no panties for compensation.

Sandra tried to remove the t-shirt without taking off the dress. After a few moments, she gave up. „Oh fuck it - you’ve seen me naked already.“

She pulled of the dress in one smooth motion and gave Monica a nice view of her naked bum. She then shed the t-shirt and put on the dress again. When she turned around, Monica still saw a faded blush on her face. „You really don’t like it when I see you naked, do you?“

„Yes. In fact, I have a very short list of people who may see me naked. Carlos got struck off that list this morning. I thought that you’ve always been on that list, but, it’s still uncomfortable and kind of embarrassing.“

„It’s fine - I don’t need a space on your list. Although I have to admit that you’re really worth looking at.“

„Thanks. Do you still have a pair of panties that might fit me?“

„I have a lot - I’ve actually supplied you with mine all day, I think we do wear the same size.“

Sandra put on a pair of panties while Monica stripped off her peed clothes. „I think we can start another wash right away.“

„I don’t think the washer will be full - rather depends on how much you have left in your wardrobe.“

„Oh I have a lot - you remember, I like to do this on weekends.“

„Do you have something I could wear for going out tonight?“

„Well, that dress you’re wearing suits you really well - I just took one at random, but it looks good on you. Just take a look while I go for a shower - If we go out, I don’t want to smell of pee.“

„Oh I like that smell on you“, Sandra teased while looking into Monica’s wardrobe. She had quite a collection.

„I think I haven’t seen you wear a dress in ages, yet you have so many!“

„Last time was this morning!“

„Oh - right. But you usually wear jeans, don’t you?“

„Well - most of the time, especially when I’m working. I feel better with more cover. But on hot summer days, these dresses are really nice. Besides, they look so pretty. I think I bought most of them because they looked good on the mannequins. I’m not actually sure they suit me. Why don’t you select my outfit for tonight - you’re better at this.“

That said, Monica went to the bathroom and into the shower. There was no point peeing into the shower, she was empty. After a few minutes, Monica returned, wrapped in a towel, to see what Sandra had selected for her.

Sandra still wore the dress that Monica had brought her, but she had prepared a beautiful short dress with a lot of ruffles for her. Monica loved that dress, but she had only worn it once, since there was rarely any occasion for it.

Monica threw the towel to her bed, revealing her beautiful naked body, then put on a pair of fresh panties and slipped into the dress.

„How do I look? Can I go out like that?“

„Of course! Although I have to be careful to be seen at all, next to you.“

„Oh I doubt that will be a problem. What are you going to wear? Do you want to shower as well?“

„I think I’m going to stay in this dress, although I think it’s a little too short. How do you wear it, you’re taller than me.“

„Ehm. I don’t know - maybe I washed it too hot. Actually, I can’t even remember when I last wore that.“

„Anyways - getting a shower is probably a good idea.“

„There’s towels on the shelf in the bathroom - just help yourself!“

Sandra walked to the bathroom. She was back 15 minutes later, fully dressed and with her hair and make-up perfectly done.

„Wow - that was fast - I could never shower, dress and do my make-up in that time.“

„I’m excited to see what this town has to offer! Where do we go?“

„Well - about that - I have no idea.“

„So where do you go when you go out?“

„I … don’t…“

„Oh well - we’ll change that. I will do some quick research.“

Sandra took out her phone. It took her mere minutes to find all the hip bars and clubs in town, most of which were in an area where Monica had never been in the 10 years that she lived here.

„The best thing is: I found an expert guide! Julia is coming with us. She said she can’t stay too late, but she’ll show us all the good places around here.“

Monica knew Julia. Sandra had met her while she was still in school and they had been good friends since then. „Does she live nearby?“

„She lives just on the other bank of the river. We must have passed by her house today.“

„Ok, so we pick her up there?“

„Yesss - She said she needs another half hour to get ready.“

„In that case, I should quickly take care of my hair. Oh, before I forget. I may have something else for you…“

„I’m excited - what is it?“

Monica picked up a box from the top of her wardrobe. It contained high-heeled shoes. They were in that box because she rarely used them. She had formal shoes to go with a business outfit, but these shoes were not suited for formal occasions. Monica picked one pair with insanely high heels and blew on it to get the dust off. „A colleague at work gifted these to me once. He had bet that I couldn’t walk in them. I won that bet, but I never wore them again, they are too small for me. Maybe they fit you.“

Sandra put them on and tried walking a few steps. She was a little shaky at first, but accommodated pretty quickly.

„Do they fit?“

„About as good as most of my high-heeled shoes.“

„That’s a strange way to put it“

„They fit good enough. A little too tight, but I’ll manage. What shoes are you going to wear?“

Monica pulled another pair out of the box. „These ones - my go-to option for high-heeled shoe occasions. You’ll be taller than me.“

Sandra walked up and down the room. „You’re right, the dress is a little short, especially in those shoes.“

Sandra looked in the mirror. „Do you see anything you’re not supposed to see?“

„Well - it doesn’t take much imagination to see where your butt starts, but I can’t directly see.“

„That’s fine, I’m good at this.“ With the proficiency that Sandra showed wearing these super high shoes and her elegant movements, Monica didn’t doubt her word.

„Let’s move, Julia will probably already be waiting!“

They left Monica’s flat and walked down to the river. She opened the door in her underwear, although it was already an hour since Sandra and her chatted. „Hi! Sorry, I had to take a shower first and now I try to find something appropriate to wear. You two look gorgeous. Maybe I can actually wear that hot new minidress. Come in, I’ll be right with you.“

Julia had always been quite chatty. Monica looked around in Julia’s flat. Everything was stylish, everything was neat. The whole flat looked a little too polished and clean for Monica’s taste. It seemed that nobody lived here.

„There’s prosecco in the fridge. Sandra, you know where the glasses are. We have to celebrate that you finally got rid of this asshole!“

Julia obviously hadn’t liked Carlos. Monica didn’t like him either, but she would never have said it that blatantly, just in case they happened to get together again.

Sandra walked over to the kitchen and got the bottle. One glass already stood on the counter, it seemed that Julia had already started celebrating. Sandra got a glass from a shelf and poured prosecco for Julia and herself.

Julia came into the room a moment later, dressed and ready to go. „Thanks! No prosecco for you Monica?“

Before Monica could even answer, she continued. „Oh, sorry, I forgot. You don’t drink alcohol. Well - more for us!“ She emptied her glass and went for a refill, only to find that the bottle was empty. „This must be a sign. Let’s go!“

It was only 200 m to the first bar that Julia had selected. Sandra and Julia talked a lot about Carlos and how bad he had been. Monica sat next to them and listened. She realised that Carlos must have been much worse than she had imagined. She asked herself how a beautiful girl like Sandra could only find the worst of guys. „Sandra, you have to do something. You could get any guy you want, but you always end up with those that treat you badly.“, she finally added to the conversation.

„I know. But they’re always charming and nice and handsome at first sight.“

Julia got up. „I’ll do a quick visit to the bathroom, then we move on. There’s too many places I have to show you and too little time. Anyone want to join me?“

„I’m fine“, Sandra answered. Monica threw her a stern look. „Don’t worry, I won’t make a puddle in here.“

Monica was not entirely convinced. Sandra had drunk two more glasses of prosecco in the bar, so she would need a bathroom pretty soon.

A few minutes later, they were back on the street. It was getting dark. Julia looked at the time. „You have to remind me to get home no later than 22:30. I would love to stay out until the sun comes up, but I have to get up at five in the morning tomorrow.“

They went to another bar where Sandra ordered a cocktail this time. It seemed she had gotten more cautious about her liquid intake. When they left the bar half an hour later, Monica noticed that the leather seat of Sandra’s barstool was a little damp. There were no droplets, no puddle, just a damp patch on the leather surface. So Sandra had definitely leaked, but she showed no signs of desperation. Monica had seen her pee dance all afternoon, so something was off. Monica decided not to speak about it while Julia was with them - as long as there was no indication that she might be into this too, Monica was not going to tell her. On second thought, maybe not even then. At the rate that Julia could talk, probably anyone would know it by sunrise.

Out on the street, they were greeted by cool air, quite refreshing after the hot day. Julia looked at her watch. „Ok, I’ve got time for one more. Let’s go.“

Monica fell behind as the party girls rushed towards the next bar. In the cone of a streetlight, she saw something glitter on Sandra’s legs. Sandra must be very discreetly peeing herself. Monica was impressed by the skill that Sandra showed after starting to pee herself just this morning.

Just before they reached the bar, an irish pub at little off from the town centre, Sandra suddenly stopped and stepped into a dark corner. „Just one moment, I just need some relief before we go in there.“

She squatted down and released a huge stream of pee. Her skirt was really short, Monica could clearly see that she was just peeing through her panties. „Uhhhh, I needed that!“

„Wait - did you just wet your panties?“ Julia asked baffled.

„Yeah! Felt good, actually. Shall we go in?“

They walked on and entered the bar. This bar was quite full, compared to the others they had been to. It seemed most people that were out on a Sunday night were at this bar. It turned out that there was a pub quiz going on. They had missed the first round, but eagerly started on the second. They made a pretty good team and finished third place on the second round. Their prize was a free beer for all three of them which appeared in front of Monica so fast that she didn’t have time to reject it. She knew that Sandra was already quite drunk, but still quietly pushed the beer over to her. Sandra got the hint, downed her own glass in one go and exchanged the glasses without anyone noticing.

After the quiz was over, the barkeeper announced the last round and Julia looked at her watch, panicking. „Oh fuck. That prize ceremony took way longer than I thought. It’s eleven already!“

„Oh can’t you stay with us for a little longer?“ Sandra asked.

„Sorry, I’d love to. But I have the morning shift tomorrow. Why don’t the two of you go to the Number 14? It’s the best place to go dancing on a Sunday night. I always do when I’ve worked on Sunday and have Monday off.“

Sandra was excited, a dancing club was exactly the place she wanted now. They decided not to wait for the last round but leave the bar with Julia, who insisted on going home.

„Thank you, this was a wonderful night. Next time we try to find a night where I don’t have to work the next morning.“ Julia hugged both of them and ran to the bus stop with the bus already in sight. Monica and Sandra waited until she was safely on board and walked towards the club.

