The Trapped Lady - Page 2

Author: nononono

*000*2026-02-07 12:45

XIV

Mollie gasped as another intense wave of desperation reached her bladder. The temptation to urinate on the chair was strong. But even when they were dating, Kei had harsh punishments for peeing when told not to. She couldn't imagine what he'd do if she disobeyed him, considering three hours ago, she was holding a knife to his neck. But she was no killer, no matter how much she wanted Kei Fukumoto dead. Nor did she know that Kei had a panic button on the underside of bed, summoning his hired goon Gary to rescue him immediately. So now she was the one tied up, completely naked. Obviously Kei had forced her to drink bottle after bottle of water. In 1995, being tied up and bursting in front of Kei would have been enough to send her over the edge. With all she knew about Kei now, she only felt fear.

___

It was July 1995. Pete Sampras had just defeated Boris Becker to win Wimbledon, Waterfalls by TLC topped the charts, and Mollie was nervous about a waterfall of her own, after a day drinking beers in the sun. She'd spent the day with her friend on Primrose Hill, primed with a picnic and several small beers. Whilst her friend had used the bushes for a desperate piss on a few occasions, Mollie was feeling adventurous, planning to surprise Kei by turning up to his flat, absolutely bursting for the loo. She'd told him that she was away with her mother this weekend, keen to surprise him. But as she sat on the Bakerloo line, her bladder felt every single bump, threatening to saturate her jean shorts. She crossed her legs anxiously as the tube pulled into Elephant and Castle, the station about a ten minute walk from his flat.

"Come on," she muttered as the tourist in front of her struggled to negotiate the ticket barrier, her bladder now a ticking time bomb. Her plan had been to let Kei fuck her first, then enjoy the most orgasmic piss of her life. But a spurt running down her leg reminded her that this wouldn't necessarily be possible. She ran as fast as her full organ would allow her to, absolutely desperate for relief. Her need was so intense, both to urinate and to feel Kei's lips on her, kissing her neck, his fingers gently teasing her pussy, whilst her bladder threatened to explode. She was wet already, both from her spurts of pee, and from arousal. On the street now, she had to clutch herself to prevent a full blown accident.

Mollie rang the doorbell, desperately hoping he was in. The plan was a fairly spontaneous one so there were lots of potential setbacks which had not been considered. What if he was out? What if he had his family over? What if he was busy with work? After what felt like an age, the door creaked open, through the chain on the door. A Russian voice answered: "Who is this?"

"Oh, erm, I'm Mollie, a friend of Kei," she spluttered, crossing her legs.

The lady opened the door. She was one of the tallest and most beautiful women Mollie had ever seen, her jet black hair tied pack in a pony tail, wearing a dressing gown that barely covered her. Mollie tried to ignore the fact she could see part of her right areola. The Russian adjusted her dressing gown "Are you here for the party?" she looked at Mollie, shuffling in her place, unable to stand still. "Of course, you must be!"

The Russian ushered her into the living room. What was her safe place, the sofa where they'd spent long Saturdays, holding, then fucking, then holding again, was now occupied by three ladies, two of whom were wearing the same dressing gown, one of whom was completely naked. "You're very late. Kei will be up from his nap any minute so you'd better get undressed," the lady half scolded her. Looking down at her distended belly, she remarked "And you look much fuller than any of us. You're going to struggle I'm afraid."

"Sorry what are you talking about?" Mollie asked, now having to clutch herself to prevent leakage.

"You're here for the piss party, no?" the Russian asked.

Mollie looked around, there were about ten ladies in total, some wearing dressing gowns, others walking around completely naked. It was clear everyone had to piss to varying degrees, some gently crossing their legs, whilst others looking frantically at the door. As the cogs turned in Mollie's head, she heard a slow trickling sound, followed by a muffled sob. A young lady, no older than 20 had started to wet herself, the piss hitting the wooden flooring. The sound of it was almost too much for Mollie's bursting bladder, but she was distracted by what the pissing lady was saying. "Please don't tell Kei," she whimpered. "Please." It was at that point Mollie noticed her black eye.

"He's about to wake up," the Russian hissed. "Pull yourself together or we'll all get punished."

Mollie felt her heartbeat rise, a cold feeling of dread overcame her entire body. What the fuck have I done? she thought to herself. Without saying a word, she darted out the door. The pressure in her bladder was overwhelming, but refused to release fully as she tried to get as far from the flat as possible. Finally, out of sight, she let it go. She sobbed as a day's worth of piss flooded out of her, too traumatised to even feel relief. Guilt was the overwhelming feeling. And fear. She never wanted to see that man again. She'd just have to make it work with Bob. Her darling husband. Her safe husband. As her stream finished, she collapsed to the ground, defeated. Lost.

###

Those women were never found. No one could verify who they were, and no police officer was ever able to find enough evidence to charge Kei. For years, she'd worried that Kei would turn up, wanting revenge. As her and Bob started a family, she gradually became less worried, even when Kei emerged as a promising architect. But now he was back in her life. She knew that he was responsible for the disappearance of Annie Jackson. And she was almost certain he was responsible for the disappearance of her daughters. Kei entered the room, a smile on his face.

"Come with me, I want to show you something," Kei unlocked the handcuffs. Mollie groaned as she stood up, her desperately full bladder like a bowling ball weighing her down. As a spurt of urine leaked onto the floor, she remembered the poor lady with the black eye, unable to hold her water any longer. So much fear in her eyes.

"You must be desperate by now," Kei rubbed her bladder. "Absolutely bursting."

Mollie refused to say anything, not wishing to give him any sexual thrill. Despite this, she couldn't help but whimper as he led her past the toilet, into another room.

"Welcome to your new home," he gestured, pointing to what seemed to be a stone plinth.

"What...?" she asked, holding herself, desperate to keep the tsunami of piss inside of her.

"Look around," he gestured.

The room was full of paintings, of photographs, polaroids. Every picture featured women, some on the toilet, some pissing outside, some holding themselves. Some clothed, some naked. Every single one showing someone who had been taken from the families, their friends, their partners. One polaroid showed the same women who Mollie had seen on that fateful day in July. But it was the picture purposely lit up in the corner which brought Mollie to a tremble. A picture of Mads Simmonds, desperately clutching herself outside a pub. A picture of her daughter.

"I'm going to fucking kill you!" Mollie yelled.

"I wouldn't," Kei chuckled, as Gary skulked through the door. "It's taken thirty years, but I have you exactly where I want you."

"You fucking sicko," Mollie spluttered, as Gary covered her mouth in masking tape, and tied her to the chair next to the plinth.

"I always knew it was you who called the police on me. All those interviews, those investigations, threatening to ruin my career before it began. If it wasn't for Gary here..." he paused, almost emotional. "Well I might not be here today."

"I'd given up," he continued, uninterrupted by a tied up, squirming Mollie "on trying to get revenge. That was until Gary met your daughter, of course."

Gary took his mask off. Mollie's eyes widened, as she tried to speak. Kei ripped the tape off.

"Jack?!!" she yelled. "Where the fuck is she?"

"I wanted to punish you," Kei continued. "Despite everything, I never stopped loving you. You gave me a high I've spent my life trying to chase. But I knew the only way to bring you back to me was hit you where it hurt. Your family."

"I would rather die than go back to you," Mollie sobbed, a trickle of piss escaping her exhausted urethra.

"Gary, or Jack, as you know him has been very helpful. He possesses something of an unusual power, that brings me a lot of joy. I've been lucky enough in my life to have seen thousands of desperate women, but once they've relieved themselves, I tend to lose interest. Thanks to Gary, I've been able to keep these women in a state of desperation, or urination, for eternity. He can even help me revisit them whenever I choose. In fact I had a great chat with Mads this morning, she was absolutely begging me to let her use the toilet. But no matter how much she begs, she'll never get to go."

"You're fucking disgusting," Mollie cried, another spurt escaping.

Gary's phoned buzzed. "They're here."

"Marvellous! Ez is here to join the party," Kei exclaimed. His face turned to mock sadness. "Oh no, but such a sad occasion. Her last ever conversation with her mother."

