Ellie at University

Author: nononono

*000*2021-08-28 00:01

"Just go along, I'm sure you'll have a great time."

Those were the last words Ellie heard from her mum during a teary Facetime that afternoon. It was Freshers Week at the University College London, and two days in, Ellie was hating it. Partying and Ellie had never been a match made in heaven - at school, she practically lived in the library, usually there before the school had even opened, and always the last to be turfed out so the groundsmen could lock up. Her weekends usually consisted of revision and past papers, occasionally allowing herself breaks from her school work to focus on her violin practise. Were it not for a nervous breakdown towards the end of sixth form, she would have been at studying at Oxford for sure. Sadly, her A in Classics was not deemed good enough by the admissions board, and she was forced to go to her second choice university instead. Not that University College London was a bad alternative by any stretch, it just wasn't the best. And Ellie wanted to be the best.

Maintaining friendships was another thing Ellie found difficult. It's not that she didn't want to have friends, more that she didn't have time for them. There was Olivia of course, her best friend from home, who was almost as diligent as her. Olivia made it into St John's Cambridge, and Ellie pretended to be happy for her. Relationships were even more alien to Ellie. Beyond a playground boyfriend in Year 4, she had never really had much interest in love. To her, it felt like a waste of energy she could be putting into her studies. She was not an unattractive woman, with straight brown hair and tortoise shell glasses which suited her very nicely. Nonetheless, she still felt as though all the boys in her year looked straight past her anyway. Not that she was interested in any of them.

Having lived a sheltered life up until this point, Ellie was finding her new flatmates pretty overwhelming. There was Martha, with a laugh which could wake up a coma patient (and indeed... woke Ellie up several times on Monday night). Pete, whose main hobbies included smoking weed, selling weed, and talking about weed). Simon, who no one seemed to like, but felt obligated to include him anyway, and who claimed to have already had 10 STDs in his lifetime. Dave, who was the messiest person Ellie had ever encountered, and boasted that morning that he was wearing the same boxers for the fifth day in a row. Juliet was the only one Ellie could envisage actually being friends with, she was reading Medicine and seemed genuinely interested in actually doing work, rather than jagerbombs and pills.

So this was it. She was now playing Never Have I Ever, in a filthy kitchen, whilst Dave blasted out some shit drum and bass at a volume which made any form of civilised conversation virtually impossible. So far, she'd found out that Martha had a tattoo, Pete had spent the night in a prison cell, Simon had kissed a guy before by accident, Dave once threw up on himself and went to the club anyway, and even Juliet, the dark horse, had slept with a guy who was already in a relationship. It was hard not to feel like she was years behind everyone else, who had already had so many more experiences than her. Whilst everyone else was getting drunk, she felt stone cold sober, occasionally sipping her glass of rosé for appearances sake. This didn't go unnoticed by Martha's beady eyes.

"You okay El, you've not drunk anything yet," Martha shouted, as Ellie pretended she didn't mind being called El.

"Oh yeah, I'm fine," Ellie replied, not really knowing what else to say.

"Go on, I'll give you an easy one, never have I ever had sex," Martha laughed, making sure everyone spotted her taking a comically big sip of her drink.

Ellie chuckled nervously, taking a half hearted sip of her drink, hoping there would be no follow up questions. Martha had other plans.

"Eyyyyyy legend. Who was he then?" she asked.

"Erm, I don't really feel comfortable talking about this," Ellie desperately hoped that Simon would say something stupid to take the spotlight off her.

"Aw come on, we just want to get to know you a bit more love," Martha put her drunk arm round Ellie.

"She said she doesn't want to, Martha," Juliet could sense Ellie's increased anxiety levels.

"It's no big deal Jules, it's just sex, we've all done it," Martha replied, either oblivious to the situation, or wanting to see Ellie embarrassed.

"Yeah haha it's okay," Ellie wanted to ground to swallow her up. "So erm, I was at a party with a boy who lives near me, and yeah it just sort of erm happened." Everyone stared at her, waiting for more details, but Ellie had ran out of ideas to stretch this imagined encounter further. The room fell silent, bar the obnoxious bass line hammering its way out of the speakers. Finally, Simon took the spotlight off Ellie.

"Never have I ever pissed myself as an adult."

###

Two hours later, and Ellie found herself in a dark sweaty basement somewhere in Camden. On top of that, she was pretty drunk. On balance, she hadn't had that much to drink, maybe half a bottle of rosé, a shot of tequila before taxis, and a jagerbomb at the club, but considering she had never really drunk properly before, it was a lot. Now Juliet was buying her a vodka coke, whilst she awkwardly danced next to her at the bar.

"I'm sorry about Martha earlier. She's not really good at taking hints," Juliet broke the silence.

Ellie's face flushed red as she remembered the incident. "Oh don't worry. It's fine."

"There's just so much bullshit pressure on things like sex, and people don't get that not everyone's experiences are going to be the same," Juilet rambled, her speech slightly slurred.

Ellie nodded, before realising her awkward dancing was actually her body's way of telling her she needed to pee. "Hey I'm just gonna head to the loo quickly, I'll meet you in a minute."

This was Ellie's first time in a club, so she was surprised and frustrated to see a queue to get in. For some reason, this club only had one cubicle as well, making the wait even longer. She joined the back of the queue, crossing her legs ever so slightly to ease the pressure which was making itself known. She hadn't been for a wee since just before pres, and she'd had quite a bit of liquid since then. At least she wasn't in as bad a state as the person in front of her, a blonde student who could hardly stand still.

"Oh my God, I'm going to wet my knickers," she exclaimed.

Ellie chuckled sympathetically, "You'll be okay," she offered, even though she had no idea whether she would.

"Thanks gal, but I'm absolutely bursting," she cried, bending her legs and digging her hands into the crotch of her tight red dress. There were about eight people ahead of her in the line, all growing increasingly impatient at the faffing going on in the stalls.

"Oh sod this, I can't hold it," the girl in the red dress darted off, presumably to relieve herself outside. Ellie herself was glad she was one person closer away from relief.

As Ellie found herself three people away from the loo, she was starting to feel desperate, with the toilets so close. The fact she could now hear the toilet flushing and the tap trickling was not helping matters. As the girl at the front of the line went inside, Ellie heard her name being called.

"Ellie! There you are, come on, I have some people I want you to meet, you'll really like them!" Juliet dragged Ellie out of the line, and away from her relief.

"But I really need to go," Ellie complained, but she didn't think Juliet heard her over the thudding dance music. Juliet was clearly very drunk, and Ellie was very annoyed that she'd been forced into small talk with people she didn't know in an environment she didn't like, especially while she had more pressing concerns on her mind.

"This is Ellie, she's my flatmate and she's soooooo fun," the way Juliet elongated 'so' made Ellie wonder if she was taking the piss.

"That's quite an introduction," laughed the stranger. "What makes you so fun?"

"Oh haha, I don't really know," was all Ellie could muster. "I guess I'm just naturally fun," she weakly added.

As Juliet slipped off to see some other friends, Ellie realised what she was doing, and hated her for it.

"So Ellie, what do you study?"

###

Half an hour later, and Ellie was finally where she wanted to be. Front of the queue to the toilets. She'd grown increasingly more desperate during her chat with the stranger, who revealed his name was Gavin. It didn't help that Gavin had bought her another drink either, and she had just been too shy to excuse herself, as if having a bladder which needed to be emptied at regular intervals was somehow the most embarrassing thing she could admit to. Gavin had gone home - his mate drank too much so needed to be put to bed.

Ellie was secretly quite glad. Whilst Gavin was perfectly nice and not unattractive, she just didn't really fancy him that much. Although she was also distracted by the rosé and vodka cokes now lying heavily in her bladder. She heard the toilet flush, it was nearly her time. She composed herself, tried to stop jiggling, and appear in control, but she couldn't help bouncing up and down a bit. Ellie was barely through the door, when she was pushed aside. It was Juliet, or more specifically, Juliet doing quite a lot of sick all over the toilet and the seat. Martha followed after her, "I think we'd better take her home."

###

Every step was agony. Her bladder was screaming at her for relief, five hours since it had last been emptied. It didn't help that Juliet was stopping every five minutes to be sick on their walk home. Martha refused to get a taxi because if Juliet was sick in it, they'd all be fined. They were about ten minutes from their house, and Ellie had never been so desperate for a wee in her life.

"You okay El, you're being quiet... well even quieter than usual," Martha asked.

"I'm fine, just a bit cold," Ellie lied, hoping that would also explain her constant bouncing up and down.

"Fair play... aw actually you know what, I'm dying for a piss. Can you keep lookout?"

Before Ellie could answer, Martha already had her panties down to her ankles, and had squatted to let her stream trickle freely, without covering her legs. The sound was torture for Ellie, who gasped as a trickle escaped her urethra, running down her left leg and lightly dampening her light blue jeans.

"Ahhhhhhh that feels so much better," Martha sighed, drip drying herself clean.

"Can you keep watch for me too? I'm pretty desperate," Ellie asked. As much as the idea of urinating outside horrified her, she didn't really have any choice.

"You should have said earlier hun. Could tell you were busting from the start," remarked Martha.

Ellie barely had her belt buckle undone, when a group of rowdy students came past. "Come on, let's try and get home," Martha led the charge away.

But it was too late for Ellie. She put her face in her hands as her jeans slowly turned a darker shade of blue, the intense embarrassment outweighing the intense relief she felt. Martha had flaws, but at least she knew to shield Ellie from the drunk freshers walking past, in the name of saving her dignity somewhat. Ellie felt her Converse and socks dampen as the pee made its way down to her feet. She was surprised her bladder was capable of carrying that much liquid, but 30 seconds later, the stream was still going strong. Eventually it dampened down to a trickle, and subsided.

Martha tried her best, but a cackle burst out of her. Seeing Ellie's tear stained face, she comforted her.

"Cheer up babe, it could have happened to any of us," Martha sympathised.

At this point, Juliet woke up from the mini nap she was having on the floor, saw Ellie's urine stained jeans and grinned.

"Well at least now you have something to drink for in Never Have I Ever."

*001*2021-08-28 15:17

Ellie was alone, naked in front of the mirror in her room. Well, naked except for her pee stained light blue knickers. Martha and Juliet had promised not to tell the boys about her accident, and they even agreed to distract the boys in the kitchen to allow her to sneak off to her room. The truth was, Ellie felt exhilarated. It was a feeling she had never really felt before, and she wasn't quite sure how to react. Realising she needed to pee again, she went into the bathroom. Starting to peel her damp knickers away down, she suddenly had a more fun idea. Instead, she got in the shower, and let her bladder release into the fabric of her panties.

She pulled the waistline of her panties away from her body, watching as the wee trickled onto the fabric, and then leaked down onto the floor of the shower. Her fingers ran through her damp pubic hair, and found their way to her clitoris, as she almost subconsciously started rubbing herself. Within about thirty seconds, she had cum, groaning as she felt that glorious feeling for the first time. Realising she was being quite loud, she stifled her moaning, breathing heavily. Taking her twice soaked knickers off, she turned the shower water on and began to wash away the pee.

Ellie's mind was racing. Why does some thing so gross make me feel so good? she thought as she lay in bed, now changed into her pink short pyjamas. Grabbing her MacBook Pro, she opened an incognito window on Google Chrome for the first time ever, and searched 'why does pee make me horny'. For the next hour, she researched everything, from peegasms, to bladder infections. She even found a website all about omorashi, full of other people's experiences, fictional stories and videos. It all made sense to her now. She'd always just assumed she wasn't a very sexual person, when she just hadn't discovered her fetish yet. After a few more orgasms, it was time for bed. This was a night which had changed her life for the better.

###

SHIT, thought Ellie as she opened her eyes and saw her alarm clock. It was 8:32, her alarm hadn't gone off, and it was her first lecture in 28 minutes. She managed to get ready in record time, slipping into some purple panties, a blue skirt and a black jumper. She grabbed her laptop, a bottle of water and her backpack, and ran to the bus stop. Thank God she'd got everything ready the day before. Running to the bus stop, she managed to chase down the bus which was pulling in. She tapped her Oyster card, and sat down on the only seat that wasn't next to anyone else. Breathing a sigh of relief, she checked her watch. It was 8:40, which would get her to her lecture with ten minutes to spare. Which was good, as Ellie hadn't had time to use the loo that morning. She crossed her legs - she always woke up desperate for the loo, and today was no exception. She put her headphones on to try and focus her mind on something else, and got herself in the zone for her lecture.

What Ellie hadn't considered, was roadworks. Ellie anxiously tapped her foot and checked her watch, as the minutes marched on. Her bladder was insistent, after all, it hadn't been emptied since 10pm the night before, and she'd drank half a bottle of water before bed, as well as some more sips on the bus. Whilst she found the situation of needing a wee in a lecture exciting in practise, in reality, she'd rather go in with an empty bladder and a mind focussed on history. It was 8:58 by the time the bus pulled up to the university, Ellie was stood by the doors, ready to dart out. Walking through the automatic doors, she briefly considered dashing into the toilet quickly, but she didn't want to be late for her first lecture. She'd just have to hold it.

Ellie found a seat in one of the middle rows. Everyone else seemed to already know each other, perhaps they all went on the history pub crawl, which Ellie skipped to do some pre term reading. No sign of the lecturer yet. Ellie cursed her luck, she'd have probably been able to pee before the lecture anyway. Her mind was briefly distracted when one of the most beautiful women she had ever seen came and sat down next to her. Her blonde curly hair lit up her beautiful assured face, whilst her short denim skirt and light blue t-shirt complimented her figure perfectly. She was so tall, she looked almost other-worldly. Ellie had always assumed she was straight, but no man had ever made her jaw drop like this mysterious stranger had. And now she was sat just two seats away. To Ellie's shock, she leaned towards her, close enough that she could smell her sweet perfume. Hints of vanilla and rose danced around her nostrils.

"Hey, do you have a pen? Left in a rush and forgot my pencil case," explained the stranger, with one of those voices which naturally sound sexy.

"Yeah no problem!" Ellie replied, instantly regretting her eagerness. "Here you go."

"You're an angel, I owe you one!" she winked, grabbing the pen from Ellie's slightly unsteady hand.

Ellie tightly crossed her legs, once again feeling the pressure from her bladder. Shaking it off, she started to set up her laptop, as the lecturer finally walked in. She could have gone to the loo three times in the time it took her to actually turn up. The lecturer began, and Ellie went into work mode, hanging on her every word.

###

Half an hour in, and Ellie was dying for a wee. Her bladder felt like an overfull water balloon, which would explode with any given moment. Furthermore, she could barely sit still, and she was pretty sure her new crush had noticed her. She changed the way her legs were crossed for the fourth time that minute, and tried to keep up with her lecturers notes about the origins of the British Empire. The scent of vanilla and rose returned, and Ellie noticed her beautiful stranger had moved closer to her.

"I'm absolutely *bursting* for a wee," the stranger whispered in her ear.

Ellie almost orgasmed there and then. Her perfect British accent, the emphasis on 'bursting'. Were it not for her own predicament, she would have been in heaven.

"Me too," Ellie weakly replied, crossing her legs tighter both for dramatic effect, and to keep her pee inside her body.

Ellie noticed that her stranger didn't look desperate for a wee. Her legs remained uncrossed, and she was still able to keep up with the lecturers notes with ease. Was she that concerned with appearing in control? Ellie thought. And if so, why would she so candidly tell me she was bursting. The stranger had moved further away again, but slipped a note across the table.

"Phone number? 🙂 x" read the note. Ellie's heart raced. She'd literally never spoken to someone this beautiful, let alone been on texting terms. Ellie wrote her number down, and passed it back. She made sure to put a kiss after her number as well. After two long minutes, she had a text.

"Hey girl! Do you fancy a coffee after this? Obviously after we've gone to the loo lol x" A bit of wee leaked into Ellie's knickers, forcing her to grab herself with her hand. Using just her right hand, she replied.

"Hey! Sounds lovely, but yeah can't think about coffee right now hehe 😕 What's your name btw lol" Ellie wondered if the 'hehe' was too flirty. She caught her friend smiling at her message, and she could have died right there and then.

"Thanks gorg. Arabella, and you?" Arabella. Of course she was an Arabella.

"Ellie. Seriously think I'm going to wet myself lol," typed Ellie, before she lost her nerve and got rid of the second sentence.

"I know a toilet we can use that never has a queue. I can show you if you let me go first. Think I might wet myself otherwise haha 😞 " came another reply from Arabella. Ellie couldn't tell whether the wetness she could feel was pee or something else.

"Okay lol that sounds fair. Be quick though, I might burst," Ellie replied. She realised she hadn't paid attention to the last ten minutes of the lecture, but she didn't really care about that. Arabella was still composed, still sat up straight, and had somehow managed to make notes even though they were texting each other.

###

The lecture ended five minutes early, much to Ellie's pleasure. As she stood up, she felt the full weight of her bladder, and had to contort her legs to prevent a full blown accident.

"Thank God that's over, I can barely wait another second," Arabella sighed. "Here's your pen lovely."

"Thank you, how far away is this toilet?" Ellie desperately asked.

"it's a floor up, but trust me, it'll be quicker than using the toilets downhill," Arabella replied. Ellie noticed her bouncing on the spot as she stood up, the first sign of her resolve beginning to slip.

It took a few minutes to leave the class as everyone tried to get out at the same time. Ellie hoped no one noticed her holding herself, but at this point, it was the only way to avoid an embarrassing accident. As they finally made it out the door, Arabella grabbed Ellie by the hand.

"Let's go!" Arabella exclaimed, pulling Ellie up the stairs. Her bladder was at breaking point now and it took all her effort to keep her urine in. A long spurt did escape, Ellie felt the hot burst running down her leg. At least Arabella was right, there was no queue. Arabella dragged Ellie into the bathroom with her, making sure to lock the door. Ellie thought about asking if she could go first, but Arabella had already pulled her white knickers down, and was sat on the toilet. The sound of Arabella's pee jetting into the toilet bowl was both torturous and beautiful to Ellie.

"Ahhhhhhhhh that feels so good. Sorry girl, but I didn't have time to pee this morning," Arabella explained.

Ellie couldn't stand still at this point, she just stood there, pee dancing like her life depended on it. She couldn't hold it any longer, so she used her hands to pull herself up onto the sink, positioned herself, and let her aching bladder empty.

"Oh my God this is so embarrassing, I'm so sorry," Ellie replied, as a torrent of wee made its way out of her tired peehole. She was mortified. Someone she'd known less than an hour had now seen her unshaven pussy, and watched her pee out a small lake.

"Don't sweat it, we've all been there," replied Arabella. As she wiped herself, Ellie caught a glimpse of her pubic hair, a neat landing strip just above her pussy.

The two cleaned up, before going to coffee with each other as if nothing had happened.

*003*2021-08-29 14:24

"Four Hop Houses please," Arabella asked at the bar.

It was another History Society pub crawl, this time to celebrate the end of the first week of term, and Arabella had convinced Ellie to come along. They'd texted a lot since their coffee at the start of the week, but Ellie was excited to actually spend an evening with her. It was the third pub, and the two of them had made friends with two others - Farid, an Indian student who had spent the entire evening trying to flirt with Arabella, and Jeremy, a Tory who loved the sound of his own voice. Ellie desperately wished they'd leave her alone with Arabella, but that seemed unlikely. Ellie checked her phone whilst Jeremy was going on about his family's summer home in southern France.

"Sorry for leaving you with those two, let's try and ditch them before the next pub xoxo" read the message from Arabella.

Farid must have noticed Ellie smiling. "Who's the lucky man then?" he asked.

"Oh no, no one. Just a friend," Ellie unconvincingly answered.

"So are you fucking this friend?" Jeremy asked bluntly.

"No, it's not like that. Just someone I've not spoken to for a while," Ellie replied, praying that they'd give up.

Farid and Jeremy's eye contact suggested they didn't believe a word that Ellie was saying. Arabella returned carrying the tray of beers. She looked stunning as ever, this time wearing a light blue jumpsuit. Perhaps a tad overdressed for a pub crawl, Ellie thought, but Arabella was hardly one to blend in. Ellie felt plain in comparison, wearing light blue skinny jeans, and a black and white striped jumper.

"Here you go boys, now what did I miss?" Arabella asked.

"Ellie getting a text from her boyfriend," smirked Farid.

"Oh really?? You kept that one quite Ellie," laughed Arabella.

Ellie turned beetroot red "No, no I didn't. I don't have a boyfriend."

"Okayyyyy," Arabella replied. She sounded annoyed, or at least Ellie thought she did.

"Drink up people, we have to be at the Crown in five minutes," the over-eager president of the society was determined to stick militantly to the pub crawl timetable.

"Right lads, down your drinks. 3...2...1..." Jeremy instigated the pint chugging, finishing his in a respectable 8 seconds. Arabella was close behind in 10 seconds, whilst Farid stopped half way to burp, before finishing in 16 seconds. Ellie had barely drunk beer before, let alone chugging it, but managed to get it all down her in just under half a minute.

"Well done El, your boyfriend would be proud," Arabella punctuated the sarcastic cheers from the two boys.

###

The three pints felt like a fire in Ellie's bladder. She'd needed a wee since the second pub, but she didn't want to leave Arabella alone with Farid, just in case something happened between them. And now the situation was critical. She looked across at Arabella, who was smiling on the walk to the next pub, whilst politely nodding at Jeremy's stories about the ski trips he went on when he was at Eton. Would she fancy Jeremy? Ellie thought. Surely not.

Despite her posh appearance, she was strongly left leaning, and would never be able to have a relationship with someone whose family had a portrait of Margaret Thatcher in their living room. The truth is, Ellie didn't know much about Arabella's sexuality. Her Facebook and Instagram were carefully curated, no embarrassing photos from her younger years, no cringeworthy tags from her family. The biggest lead she got a photo of her with a boy at sixth form prom, but from the subsequent stalk of the boy, Ellie had a feeling he might be more a gay best friend.

Another wave of desperation hit her. She sidled up to Arabella. "How much longer till the next pub?" Ellie asked.

"I'm not sure, I hope soon because I am about to piss myself," Arabella replied in her perfect British accent. Ellie's heart was racing.

"Oh yeah, erm, me too," Ellie admitted.

"At least we can use it as an excuse to get away from David Cameron and his creepy friend," Arabella laughed.

"Good call," Ellie replied, who was now struggling to walk.

There was no sign of David Cameron or his creepy friend, presumably they'd nicked into the alleyway for a piss. Ellie would have been tempted, but she knew that Arabella couldn't with her jumpsuit, so decided to hold on out of solidarity. But she was dangerously close to an accident in her knickers. They were now right by the entrance to the pub. Arabella let out a little gasp.

"You okay?" asked Ellie.

"A little bit just came out," Arabella was clearly in agony. She could barely stand still, and Ellie had never seen her this flustered.

"Okay come on, let's get to the toilets," Ellie felt a little leak out in her own knickers at this point.

The pub was absolutely rammed, and it felt like an eternity to get to the loos. Arabella was openly holding herself, and whimpering, all dignity gone. Thankfully, there was no queue for the toilets, otherwise Ellie suspected they'd have both wet themselves there and then. Arabella rushed into a stall, and Ellie noticed a small wet patch on her bum.

"Please help me El," begged Arabella, just as Ellie was about to rush into a stall and relieve her own bladder. Arabella was desperately trying to reach the zip on her jumpsuit, which now had a noticeable wet spot.

Ellie ignored her bursting bladder, and rushed to help her friend. "Oh my God it's coming out," exclaimed Arabella, as long dribble of pee ran down her leg. Ellie herself was having to cross her legs tightly to keep everything in, whilst she tried to pull the zip to Arabella's jumpsuit down. Being so close to the toilet was torture for both of them, and as Ellie continued to wrestle with the zip, Arabella could hold on no more. She slumped to the floor, as a cascade of pee exploded out of her.

As Arabella continued to flood the stalls, Ellie yanked her jeans and panties down, and sat herself on the toilet, determined not to wet herself for the second time in two weeks. Ellie took Arabella's crying head in her arms, and held it tightly, whilst they both continued to empty their bladders of a tsunami of recycled beer. The two finished almost in unison, Ellie wiped herself, whilst Arabella just wept, mortified at her inability to hold it. Ellie hugged Arabella, not even minding that her clothes were now too covered with Arabella's piss.

"Come on, I don't live far from here and my flatmates are out," Ellie told Arabella. "You can borrow some of my clothes and then we can have a chilled one."

Through the sniffles, Arabella answered "that would be nice."

###

Thankfully no one on their course saw them slip out the back door, in piss covered clothes. Arabella eventually managed to calm down, and once they had both showered, they sat on Ellie's bed, drinking hot chocolates and eating popcorn.

"I'm so sorry about today El," Arabella broke the silence between them.

"It's okay, could have happened to anyone," Ellie replied. "How did it get that bad though?"

"I don't know, I needed to go since I got to the pub, but I guess... I just thought I'd be okay to hold it. I mean, I'm 19 for fuck sake," Arabella welled up again.

"That's fair. I do that too. If it makes you feel any better, I wet myself during freshers week," Ellie offered.

"What?" Arabella laughed.

"Yeah, this guy got talking to me at the club, and I was too shy to tell him I was desperate. Then my flatmate got too drunk, so had to take her away, and yeah, I pissed myself," Ellie noticed she'd started swearing more since meeting Arabella.

"So is this the guy you were texting at the pub?" Arabella coyly asked.

"Oh no... I wasn't interested in him," Ellie replied, before adding "Or any men really."

Arabella looked up at Ellie, and looked shy for the first time in her life. "Oh... neither am I."

Ellie chuckled awkwardly. "Well that's---"

Before Ellie could finish the sentence, Arabella's lips were on her. They were soft, and tasted like strawberries. This was an alien experience for Ellie, so she let Arabella take the lead. Grabbing her waist, Arabella positioned Ellie lying down on the bed, as they continued kissing, only occasionally coming back up for air. Ellie felt Arabella's hands sneak under the waistband of her pyjama bottoms, and move towards her panties.

"Wait," Ellie said, sitting up again.

"What's wrong babe?" asked Arabella.

"Look, I really like you. But I've never done any of this before," Ellie replied.

"Of course El. I really like you too. We can take this as slow as you like," Arabella answered, stroking Ellie's hair softly.

Ellie kissed her again. "Maybe we can just cuddle tonight?"

*005*2021-08-30 13:54

That didn't take long. About 12 minutes to be exact. Ellie panted as she felt Arabella's tongue gently brushing her clitoris up and down, and her delicate fingers making little circles around her nipples. Inexperienced, Ellie had no idea what to do with her hands, so she just lightly stroked Arabella's hair as she devoured her.

"Oh FUCK!" screamed Ellie, as she came. Now she understood why everyone in her flat seemed so obsessed with sex.

"Right," exclaimed Arabella. "My turn!"

The two stood opposite each other, Ellie completely naked, Arabella still wearing the pyjamas she borrowed. Ellie kissed her slowly, unbuttoning the pyjama top to reveal Arabella's perfect, round breasts. Pushing Arabella down onto the bed, she slipped her fingers underneath the waistline of the pyjamas, and slowly started rubbing her very wet pussy. As Arabella started moaning, Ellie paused to remove the pyjamas, so they were both lying in bed together, completely naked. The kissing resumed, and Ellie's fingers ventured back towards Arabella's pussy. A louder moan this time, as she started to penetrate her vagina with her nervous fingers. Arabella reached ecstasy as Ellie found the clitoris, and the two embraced each other in a sweaty bundle, breathing heavily into each others faces.

"That was perfect," Arabella panted.

"Perfect," Ellie repeated.

"I can't believe that was your first time," laughed Arabella.

Ellie just smiled, gazing into Arabella's beautiful eyes.

"Can I ask you something?"

"Of course babe," Arabella replied.

"Why me?" Ellie asked.

Arabella laughed. "Darling, you're beautiful. And you're kind. You caught my eye during that first lecture really. You looked so cute, you could barely sit still, and if I'm being honest, I found it really sexy."

That last sentence resonated with Ellie. "Wait, you found me needing a wee sexy?"

Arabella blushed a bit "I guess when you put it like that... I know it's a bit weird, but I've just always been a bit into it, you know?"

Ellie could barely contain her joy, but opted to play dumb. "What... pee?"

Arabella was now beetroot red "Oh my God, I shouldn't have said anything. Ignore me, it's the beers talking."

Ellie laughed, and pulled Arabella in closer. "No, no, I'm so glad you've said this. Because I think I might be too."

Arabella looked stunned "What, really?"

"Yeah, honestly, when I wet myself a few weeks ago, I had the first orgasm I've ever had. And every time I see you desperate for the loo, it makes me feel all tingly," Ellie replied.

"Ahhh this is so fun, me too!" Arabella laughed. "Honestly, when I saw you pissing in the sink after the lecture, I went home and had the best wank ever."

"This is so perfect," Ellie sighed.

"Tell you what, I really need a wee again." Arabella winked.

###

It was past midnight, as Arabella put a wine bottle in the bin. She groaned as she felt the fullness of her bladder, making her look almost pregnant. It had been two hours since they'd discovered their mutual interests, which had now turned into a battle of wills. They'd had two beers and half a bottle of wine each now, and both were on the verge of exploding.

"You looking like you're burstingggggg," a drunk Ellie laughed, before her hands immediately darted to her crotch.

"I am fine and dandy thank you very much," Arabella replied, ignoring the slither of urine which had just escaped.

"So what if I do this hisssssssssssssssssssssss," Ellie herself felt her bladder begin to give way, and had to clench everything to stop an accident.

Suddenly, there was a loud banging noise at the door. "Ellie, can you let me in? It's an emergency!" the noise was Ellie's flatmate Juliet.

"Quick, hide," whispered Ellie. Arabella gave a stern look, then hid underneath the covers of the bed, feeling another burst of pee dampen her pyjama bottoms.

Ellie answered the door, praying that this would be a quick fix. Juliet pushed straight past her and headed straight for the bathroom.

"Sorry El, I'm absolutely bursting," Juliet replied, yanking her jeans and panties down before releasing her pent up pee into the toilet. "Ahhhhhhhh I've been desperate for hours now." Tell me about it, thought Ellie as another dribble of pee ran down her leg.

"Why can't you use your own toilet?" Ellie asked.

"Long story, bought my date back here, he needed the loo even worse than me, so let him use mine," Juliet replied, wiping herself and pulling her red panties up. Ellie thought she saw a wet patch, but then she was in no position to talk.

"Right, well guess you'll want to get back to your new man now," Ellie desperately hoped she'd take the hint.

"Nah he can cope by himself for a few minutes, how have you been mate? Not seen you much this week," Juliet replied.

"Oh you know, just been busy with work," Ellie replied. Surely there's a wet patch now, she thought.

"You need to relax a bit. We should all go for drinks soon," Juliet suggested.

"Yeah that's all good, hey I'm knackered, but we can speak tomorrow," Ellie's bladder felt close to rupturing.

Juliet noticed the figure of someone hiding in the bed "Ohhhhh I see. Yeah sounds good," she laughed. "You playaaaaaa."

Ellie smiled weakly, with a steady stream of pee now leaking out of her. "Bye Jules."

As soon as Juliet was gone, she waddled to the bathroom, clutching herself desperately as pee leaked through her pyjama bottoms, and through her fingers. She couldn't make it to the toilet, as her bladder splattered all over the floor. Powerful jets of urine burst through her shorts, as the pain in her bladder started to slowly subside. She was amazed her body was even capable of storing this much pee. Arabella appeared at the door, her shorts absolutely dripping wet.

"I couldn't hold it," Arabella laughed. "And we may need to sleep somewhere else tonight."

Arabella started kissing Ellie, whilst her bladder continued to release, soaking the two of them in the progress. When her torrent of piss had finally subsided, they stripped naked, got in the shower, and continued to get to know each others bodies a little more.
