Camping trip pee desperation

Author: NotGraeme

*000*2021-06-28 20:27

A story I wrote because I was bored

James and his friends Ben, Sophie, and Ava were preparing for their annual camping trip at the end of the year. This trip always took place at the start of July, at the end of a year of university. This was going to be the third year in a row, and the tradition had started during their first year of university, as that was when they had become friends. The campsite was about an hour and a half away by car, and the four of them had decided to leave at around 8 pm, so they would arrive at 9:30. James supposed they had chosen this time so that they would have enough time to set up the tent and cook hot dogs over the fire at around 10, when it was dark enough.

James arrived at Ben’s apartment at about 7:30 to help him pack. He was wearing his comfortable black sweatpants and his Buffalo Bills t-shirt.

“Hey man, can you give me a hand with this sleeping bag?” Ben asked.

“Sure,” James replied. “You should really start packing earlier in the day, you know. Less of this.” He gestured at the pile of camping equipment on the ground.

“You’re probably right, but admit it, you only started being neat when you met Ava.”

This was true. James knew Ben and Sophie were a couple and had been for almost a year, but James wasn’t sure what he and Ava were. The four of them had gone on a few double dates, but James and Ava had only gone as friends. James liked Ava, and it seemed like Ava liked him too, but he wasn’t entirely sure.

“Whatever you say, Ben.”

“You know I’m right.”

The two friends continued packing tents, sleeping bags, water bottles, and various other things they would need. It had been decided the first year that each one of the four would take turns “hosting”. This basically meant everyone met at the host’s apartment and the host’s job was to supply the tent and everything else they might need. Ava had hosted the first year, and James had hosted last summer. Sophie would host next summer break.

Exactly 15 minutes before 8, someone knocked on the door and James got up to answer it. He opened the door to see Ava there.

“Hi there,” he said with a smile.

“Hey, James,” returning the smile. God, she was so great. With her long brown hair and skinny frame, she was one of the cutest girls in James’ year.

“Let me help you with those,” he said, pointing to the bags by her feet.

“Aww, thank you!” Ava said, and passed over her backpack.

A few minutes later Sophie showed up and finally the camping trip could begin.

“Anyone need to go to the bathroom before we go?” Ben asked. “It’s a long ride and we don’t want to stop”.

Everyone but Ava went. “I went a little while ago,” she said.

Finally they were underway. Ben was driving, Sophie was in the passenger seat, and James and Ava sat in the back seats. Everyone was excitedly talking about everything they would do when they go there. Swim, hike, roast marshmell~

“Shit!” Ben yelled randomly. “I forgot to buy marshmallows!”

“That’s OK, man.” James said. “We’ll be fine.”

“No! It’s tradition.”

“There’s probably a grocery store somewhere along the way, Ben,” Sophie said.

They continued driving for another 15 minutes until they found a place. Ben went into the store while the other three of them waited in the car. He came out a few minutes later, empty handed.

“Do I get regular size or jumbo?” He asked.

“It doesn’t matter! Just grab whatever.”

He returned to the car 20 minutes later, holding two bags of marshmallows.

“I couldn’t decide, OK?”

James rolled his eyes, and once the marshmallows were packed they started driving again.

About halfway through the trip, Ava started fidgeting in her seat. James took a few glances at her, and his heart leaped when the thought that she might have to pee crossed his mind, but he decided not to get ahead of himself. She was probably just uncomfortable or warm. For a while he believed it may have been the latter, as she took a few sips of water over the next couple minutes. However, he became convinced that she had to pee over the next while, as she began to look more and more uncomfortable.

Eventually, though, they got to the campsite, and began to unpack. James kept an eye on Ava discreetly throughout the night. She looked somewhat uncomfortable on the beach at sunset, squeezing her thighs together every once in a while, but not looking full on desperate yet. She seemed to be in control during the hot dog roasting, looking like she was trying to ignore her bladder.

At around 1:30 am they settled down for the night, mainly because they were too tired to do anything else that involved any concentration. The tent they were using was rather large, so everyone had enough space for their sleeping bag and backpack. Sophie was on the far left, then Ben, then James, then Ava on the far left. Everyone had been too tired to change out of their day clothes, so James was still in his sweatpants and Ava in her jean shorts.

James had a somewhat hard time falling asleep, and eventually crashed somewhere around 2:15.

James awoke just a few hours later in the very, very, very early morning (somewhere around 5 am) as he was being jostled. He groggily opened his eyes and looked around the left side of the tent. In the dim light he could see that Sophie and Ben were still fast asleep. He slowly turned to the other side of the tent, Ava’s side. To his surprise, he saw that she was awake and moving in her sleeping bag. He was about to say something along the lines of “what the~” when he realized that Ava had to pee. Bad.

Under normal circumstances this still would’ve turned him on, but he went erect as soon as his brain registered that there was a desperate girl lying right beside him.

He kept quiet and listened to the faint sounds of her moaning softly. He quietly raised his head to see the front of her body, and found she was shaking with her thighs clenched together and her hands pressed against her crotch. She was shaking. James felt bad for her, but at the same time he was enjoying her desperation. He could only imagine what she would be thinking.

Ava lay squirming in her sleeping bag for at least another 5 minutes, before ever so slowly beginning to sit up. She quietly rose to her feet, while gasping and struggling to make her way to the front flap on the tent. James could now see the extent of her desperation. She had already leaked a few times into her shorts, by the looks of things. A tennis ball-sized stain was visible on the front of her jeans.

Ava staggered slowly to the front flap of the tent, and as not to make much noise, opened it very slowly.

This was her big mistake. The tent was cheap, and the zipper on the front was not high quality. Opening the flap slowly would often result in the zipper becoming stuck. Unfortunately for Ava, this is exactly what happened.

Ava’s breathing became heavy. Her thighs trembled, almost certainly tired from the continuous effort of holding back a tidal wave. She was forced to remove one hand from her crotch to undo the flap. James had experience with this zipper and knew that it was almost impossible to fix without using both hands. Ava could not remove her other hand from her crotch or it was certain she would wet herself.

Oh my God.

She’s going to wet herself.

The only thing Ava could do was delay the inevitable, and James knew she knew that.

She began crying silently while whispering “No, please. Please! Oh… Oh… Oh my God, please no!”

Suddenly, Ava let go of the zipper and fell into a kneeling position on the tent floor. She continued pleading as an audible hissing began as the steady leaking became a torrent and sounded like rain hitting a tarp.

Ava stayed there for almost two minutes, with one hand continuing to cling to her crotch and the other muffling an embarrassed cry. She started sobbing quietly into her hand, cheeks burning with shame as she stood up inside the tent.

The front of her jean shorts was saturated with urine and the back was sopping wet. Ben started to stir and Ava quickly crawled over to the corner of the tent and attempted to cover the stain with her hands.

Ben stayed asleep, and Ava climbed back into her sleeping bag, crying softly, and at that moment James felt so bad for her he tapped her on the shoulder and said, “Ava.”

Ava sat up in surprise, looked around the tent and saw James, and tried to compose herself. She attempted to her her lower half in her sleeping bag, but after realizing there was no use, blushed and continued sobbing saying “I...I ruined the trip. I’m so, so sorry. I wet myself in front of all of you. What am I, 7? I~”

“Ava. It’s OK.”

“N-no! It’s not OK! I don’t have anything to wear except my pajamas!”

“Ava. Here.” James passed over his spare pair of sweatpants.

Ava stared at them for a few seconds, before taking them and hugging James so tight he thought he might burst.

After getting the zipper to the tent unstuck, James motioned for Ava to go outside and change. She poked her head through when she was done and James came outside.

“Oh my God, thank you so much! I don’t know what I would do with~”

“Ava”. James said, suddenly serious.

“W-what?” Ava asked, blushing.

“I’ve wanted to say this for a while,” James said. “I think you’re really cool and pretty and awesome and I really, really~”

“Like you.” Ava finished. “I like you too, you adorable, sweet, handsome man.”

James was too stunned to even speak.

“C’mon,” Ava said. “Let’s go to the beach and catch the sunrise.”

James smiled, and the two of them walked to the lake.

*002*2021-08-05 03:32

{{On 6/29/2021 at 11:28 PM, StarCommand said:

What a sweet ending to a good story. Well done!

}}

Aww thank you! This made my day.

*003*2021-08-05 03:38

If you guys liked this story, let me know and I'll make another story to post here.

*007*2021-08-07 04:16

Ok, seems like a few people want to see another story like this one. Anyone have any suggestions? Stuff like setting and if someone wants to see an OC of theirs get a story to themselves, let me know!

*008*2021-08-11 03:55

Alternatively, you guys could send me a piece of omo artwork and some basic information about the character (name, age, hobbies) and I could make a short story based on the image.

*009*2021-08-11 04:36

Sorry if the ending seems a bit rushed!

Pee desperation at home

Rachel loved trying new things. New foods, different sports, interesting fashion styles. So when Rachel found something called “omorashi” while browsing old forums, she decided to give it a try. It’s not like she had anything to do one the weekends, other than totally-not-stalk her crush Simon on Instagram. Simon was the sweetest guy, and he wasn’t too hard on the eyes, either.

Both Rachel’s parents worked on the weekends, so Saturday was probably a good time to try a “hold”, as the omo-fans called it. Rachel had read about omorashi to get a good understanding of what to expect, so she knew that a hold was simply holding in your pee for as long as humanly possible, while drinking plenty of water. Rachel was excited but a bit nervous, as it seemed like kind of a naughty thing to do. She was confident she could last a whole day, though, because she was 18 and she hadn’t wet herself since she was in preschool.

Saturday morning came and Rachel said goodbye to her parents and started preparing for her hold. She filled up plenty of water bottles and decided to upload quick messages every ten minutes to let omorashi fans stay updated on her progress.

Rachel changed into a white bra and panties, some light grey jogging pants, and a simple blue tank top. She let her brown hair fall down across her shoulders and finally, the hold could begin.

Rachael thought that a good place to start would be to play some video games on her Xbox in the basement, updating the people following along at home.

After about thirty minutes, Rachael was feeling quite thirsty, so she gulped down a whole water bottle to quench her thirst and speed up the process.

“This is easy,” thought Rachel. “If this is all that there is to holding, this is going to be easier than I thought.”

Rachel stayed on her Xbox for another hour and a half, chugging a water bottle every half an hour, until she began to feel the urge to pee. However, she still didn’t feel anywhere near desperate, as her bladder was basically just suggesting that “Peeing would be nice, but you’re busy right now so I’ll leave you alone.”

For most of the hold so far, a few people had joined the conversation but then left after a few minutes once they realized Rachel wasn’t desperate at all (yet). This changed once a user by the name of Omolover6529 started privately messaging her, asking if she’d be up for streaming her desperation live on Twitch whilst he made suggestions and would give small donations if she did what he asked. Rachel agreed, partly because getting paid for something she was doing anyway was great, but mostly because this was an omorashi story and nobody would like it if she declined (JK).

She set up a Twitch account and started streaming. She had to admit, it was kind of exhilarating to stream herself doing something so naughty.

Only a few minutes passed before Omolover6529 sent his first request.

“If you drink two water bottles, I’ll donate $10”

Rachel did as he asked, and sure enough as soon as she finished the second bottle she received a $10 donation.

“This is kinda fun,” thought Rachel. “I’m getting paid to do naughty things.”

Omolover6529, however, wanted the desperation process to speed up. His next ask was “Do you have any diuretics in your house?”

As a matter of fact, Rachel’s mom did have a bottle of diuretics in her bathroom that had been prescribed by her doctor. Rachel retrieved the bottle and took a pill with a glass of water. She knew that diuretics worked pretty quickly, but this one? This one was on a whole other level.

It only took around ten minutes for Rachel to start needing to squeeze her thighs together once in a while, and Omolover6529 asking her to drink another bottle wasn’t helping. She decided to turn off the Xbox and go upstairs to her desk and work on some homework she’d been putting off for a while.

Rachel generally liked English, but today’s work was her least favorite kind. She had to answer review questions about a book her class had read, which normally wouldn’t be hard, but her 11th grade teacher was the kind of teacher who likes students to find all sorts of hidden meanings that authors usually didn’t put there on purpose. And to make matters worse, there were four pages of these questions. Simon, however, was a whiz at these questions. Rachel wished that he could be here right now, sitting in a chair next to her, helping her through the work, smiling at her once in a while…

Oh, well. Simon wasn’t here, so Rachel had to do this by herself.

Rachel’s bladder, perhaps sensing that she wasn’t going to go to the bathroom anytime soon, sent an urgent-ish message to her brain. Rachel squeezed her legs together and ignored it, however.

Omolover’s requests were becoming more frequent now, but had shifted away from “Drink some water” to “Stand up so I can see how desperate you are”.

Roughly thirty minutes after sitting down to do homework, Rachel’s bladder was becoming uncomfortably full. Every few minutes she would have to remove one hand from her keyboard to press on her crotch. Rachel was still confident she could last until Omolover said she could pee, which she suspected might be a while.

Omolover waited about thirty minutes before making a request again, but this one was a doozy.

“Do twenty-five jumping jacks and I’ll give you $30”

Rachel was a bit nervous and took a little while to decide. She felt she could do it, but in order to stay dry she had to clench her thighs at all times and every few seconds she had to squeeze at her crotch.

“OK then, I’ll start my twenty-five jumping jacks”.

“One, two, three, four…” Everything seemed to be going well so far. “Eight, nine, ten…” Her poor bladder was being jostled around quite a bit, but Rachel was doing OK. “Seventeen, eighteen, nineteen…”

“Ooh, I can barely hold it in,” thought Rachel. “Twenty-two, twenty-three, Twenty-”

“Fuck!” exclaimed Rachel, quickly thrusting her thighs together and jamming her hands against her groin to stop herself from leaking . She stayed like this for a solid ten seconds, then slowly removed her hands to inspect the damage. Nothing visible or her joggers, but Rachel could feel that the crotch of her panties was damp.

Rachel’s bladder, seeming to think that it was time to release, suddenly spasmed, forcing Rachel to bend over and squish her hands between her thighs.

Just then, another request from Omolover flashed across the screen.

“Take a long walk and film yourself the whole time. If you last another hour, you can pee, and I’ll give you $100. If you wet yourself before then, I’ll still give you the hundred bucks, but you’ll have to wear wet pants.”

Rachel groaned and checked her watch. 1:04. If she could just last until 2 o’clock, she could finally pee. Just the thought of release caused her bladder to spasm violently, causing a drop of pee to saturate her panties. She knew that it wouldn’t be easy to hold her pee for the next hour, but if she did she would get a hundred dollars.

“Getting a hundred dollars for doing something I was going to do regardless is a GREAT deal,” Rachel thought. She agreed, put on her sneakers and locked the front door.

Rachel thought it would be a good idea to walk down some of the quieter streets and laneways near her house, so there was a lower chance she’d be seen desperate in public and she would be a quick run back to her house in case she really couldn’t hold it anymore, which Rachel thought could be very, very soon. It was getting harder and harder to hold on and walking around just made it worse. Every few steps Rachel had to stop and squeeze every muscle in her body. She knew that she had definitely leaked a few times since leaving the house and inspecting her crotch revealed a dime-sized wet patch on the crotch of her jogging pants.

A few minutes later, Omolover, who had remained silent for the past ten or so minutes, had now popped up again with another request. The moment Rachel saw it, she knew there was no way she was lasting the remaining forty-five minutes without at least partially wetting herself.

“Stand with your legs spread apart and pee into your pants for three seconds for $50.”

Rachel thought for a moment. Peeing into her pants would be embarrassing, even if it was only for three seconds, but fifty bucks was a decent amount. Rachel decided she would accept, but immediately after she would start heading home. It was too embarrassing to wet herself in public, even for a hundred bucks.

Rachel slowly removed her hand and unclenched her thighs. Her knees were trembling and her whole body was shaking. She reluctantly unclenched her urethra and waited.

She didn’t have to wait long, however, as her bladder had been begging for release for almost an hour now. However, the second pee started dampening her panties, Rachel regretted accepting this challenge. Her face immediately flushed beet red and her left hand returned to her crotch. Peeing herself was the most embarrassing feeling she had ever experienced. Humiliating herself in public simply wasn’t worth a hundred bucks. Rachel couldn’t continue streaming, either. She needed both hands to comfortably hold herself (comfortably being used relatively) so she said a quick goodbye to her viewers and shoved her phone in her pocket.

Rachel had kept her walk within a ten minutes’ run from her house so in case of a bladder emergency or an accident, she could quickly return home. However running with a bladder as full as hers was doomed to fail. Anything other than shuffling slowly caused uncontrollable leaking. Rachel shoved her hands into her joggers, grabbing the crotch of her panties, and surveyed the damage. A stain the size of a tennis ball was extremely visible on the front of her pants. A quick peek at the back of her pants revealed a similarly sized wet patch. Rachel blushed as she realized it was quite obvious to anyone walking by that she was slowly peeing herself. Tears welled up in her eyes as she realized that there was a large chance that she would completely wet herself before she got home.

No. Rachel brushed the tears away. She was eighteen years old. She wasn’t going to piss in her pants. What was she, four? She was going to make it home, use the bathroom, and change her panties. She was-

“Rachel! Hi!”

Fuck, it was Simon. Usually Rachel would have been happy to see him, but not like this. Not on the verge of wetting herself. She forced herself to stand up a bit straighter and talk to Simon like nothing was wrong.

“Hi, Simon. How are you doing today?”

“I’m good, thanks for asking. Are you OK? You look a little uncomfortable.”

Rachel blushed. “Honestly, I’m moments away from pissing my pants.” It was extremely embarrassing telling Simon that she might piss herself, but Simon knowing was better than him seeing her have an accident.

“Damn. Do you wanna use the bathroom at my house? It’s only a few minutes away.”

Rachel had been waiting to hear that word for hours. She waddled as fast as she could after Simon. He slowed down to walk next to her.

“If you don’t mind me asking, how long exactly have you had to pee?”

Just hearing the word “pee” forced Rachel to stop walking and suppress a leak. She blushed harder. “A few h-h-hours, at l-least.” Her teeth chattered.

“Have you, like, leaked at all?”

Rachel quickly removed her hands from her vagina to show Simon the stain on the front of her joggers.

“You let all that leak into your pants, and you still need to go that bad, huh?” Simon said, with something sounding like pity in his voice.

Rachel blushed so hard she thought her head might explode. He wasn’t wrong, though. Even if she made it to the toilet now, the amount of leaking she had endured had made it look like she peed herself already. There were pee stains visible about an inch below where her hands covered her crotch, and her butt felt similarly soaked.

What felt like hours but was probably just a few minutes later, the two of them finally arrived at Simon’s house. Rachel was mere seconds away from losing all control.

“Hurry up, open the door!” Rachel half screamed at Simon.

“Sorry, sorry, just gotta get my keys.”

This was the last straw for Rachel’s poor, overworked bladder. Sensing relief so near made her bladder start spasm-ing into her pants. Rachel cried out in pain and grabbed, squeezed, and pressed at her crotch, but she kept spurting.

Finally realizing that it was impossible to stop peeing, Rachel yanked down her pants, squatted, and released a torrent of urine through her panties. Rachel moaned. It felt so good. After hours of clenching, her muscles relaxed. She squatted on Simon’s porch for a good two minutes, then finally remembered what had just happened. She was sitting half naked on her crush’s porch, pissing off the stairs. Rachel blushed impossibly red and started crying.

“I-I’m sorry, I c-c-couldn’t hold it!” She wailed.

“It’s OK.” Simon said softly. “C’mon, let’s go inside and get you cleaned up.”

Simon lent her a pair of his older sister's panties, as her soaked ones were completely ruined, and a pair of track pants. They then proceeded to have a sort of date night at three o’clock in the afternoon. They watched a romantic comedy, and then had sodas on the porch.

“Rachel, I’ve got something to tell you.”

“Uh-huh?”

He sighed. “I think you’re the sweetest, prettiest, smartest girl I’ve ever-

Rachel didn’t let him continue. The two of them embraced in a long, romantic kiss.

It may have seemed like the worst day ever, but Rachel remembered it as her best.

Also, here's an image from bombality that I changed a bit to look like Rachel:

$$

