League of Legends Neeko + Nidalee Story

Author: Nnoitra

*000*2025-02-06 19:00

Ive been lurking on here for quite a while now but dont plan on posting often.

Anyways, today at work i was really bored so i randomly decided to write this story, im not planing on continuing this or doing anything like it anytime soon. Anyways... here it is:

Neeko was walking back to lane through the jungle. She had just based and bought some fancy new items and was ready to dominate the midlane. Although on the halfway line, she suddenly felt the urge to urinate. This usually wasnt a problem, as the game would end rather quickly… however this time it was only the fith minute, and neeko was unsure if she was gonna make it to the end without a.. „break“.

She then saw that a big fight happened near the dragon pit and decided to join in. Camouflaged as a minion, neeko snuck herself right into the action. Luckily this fight didnt last long, as her botlane duo consisting of caitlyn and lux was already pretty fed. Just when neeko was about to go back to her lane, she that her jungler and friend nidalee was entering the jungle again.

„Niadlee! Wait for neeko real qucik!“ the vastayan shouted. Nidalee turned around and waited for neeko to come closer. „Whats wrong?“ Asked the shapeshifter. „Neeko has… a little problem“ She said, awkwardly shifting around on her toes. „A Problem? Do you need a gank on midlane or what?“ Nidalee replied. Neeko shook her head „no no, lane is fine…. Neeko actually has to…“ She got closer to nidalee, whispering in her ear „urinate…“.

The color of nidalees cheeks went to red immediately, she has had a crush on neeko for a while now and to hear such intimate things from her just made her feel amazing. „Oh! Well, theres some bushes in my jungle you know… you could go there and ill hold off your minion wave in lane…?“ Nidalee said, trying to help her friend. „Neeko will take that offer…“ She said, meanwhile shoving her hands down onto her crotch, it looks like she really is desperate. „but nidalee shouldnt hold of the wave… instead, keep watch for neeko.“ She then said.

Nidalee was caught offguard by this, standing there with a burning face. „o-okay… do what you gotta do…“ She said somewhat embarressed. Neeko quickly hopped into the nearest bush and started to untie the cloth around her waist. Although Nidalee couldnt properly see everything, even just the thought of what was happening turned her on quite a bit. It wouldnt have been much different for neeko if her bladder wasnt about to burst. The moment she got the cloth off some drops were already leaking out of her so she quickly crouched down and let go completely.

„Woah, sounds like you really had to go…“ Nidalee exclaimed, now turned around to look out for potential enemys. „MHM, Neeko was about to exlpooooode“ The vastayan said, her stream still loudly hitting the ground. After a few seconds, neeko got up again putting back on her cloth.

Even though it was tempting, nidalee still wasnt looking at her exposed friend. Instead, her own urge now made itself noticable.

Usually she would just switch to her cat form to urinate, but right now she enjoyed the situation a little too much not to just pee like a human. „N-Neeko…“ She asked. „Yeah Nidalee?“ Neeko answered, now stepping out of the bush again. „can you… also stand guard for me… i have to pee aswell.“ Nidalee said. Neeko looked quite suprised at the request, but also not turned off. She quickly glanced at the wave in the midlane and decided that she would still have time before it would crash into her tower. „Sure Nidalee, ill stand guard so you can go pee pee“ She then said.

„Thanks“ Nidalee said, hurrying into the bush. Despite not having to go as badly as neeko did earlier, Nidalee still had some difficulties holding it in by just standing still. Neeko tried to copy Nidalee´s positon to stand guard from earlier, but unlike Nidalee, Neeko was looking directly at her.

Nidalee blushed as she realised Neeko was watching her precisely. As turned on as she was by this situation, she wasnt quite comfortable with just squatting down like Neeko did. All beacause she hadnt taken care of her pubic hair in a while and didnt want neeko to see. „Um… Neeko.. could you.. maybe turn around, like i did?“ Nidalee was already in the process of taking down her cloth simply because the thought of peeing made her almost lose it.

„But Neeko is now curious!“ She said, tilting her head to the side slightly. Thats when Nidalee couldnt hold it in anymore, she quickly yanked down the piece of cloth she was wearing as pants and crouched, letting her piss violently spray on the ground. She let out an uncontrolled moan, her legs getting little sprinkles all over them.

„Wow! Nidalee really had to GO!“ Neeko exclaimed, she was watching very closely. The girl had also noticed Nidalees pubic hair, which she was now staring at seeming pretty interested. „Neeko… what are you looking at?“ Nidalee said as she noticed. „Neeko was looking at Nidalee´s… Privates“ She suddenly blushed. Nidalee´s face went red aswell, meanwhile her stream started to die down.

She stood up again, putting her „shorts“ back on. „Neeko…“ she said in a somewhat seductive tone. Neeko just looked at her, still somewhat overwhelmed by what had just happened. „why dont we… hang out some time?“ Nidalee asked, now finally having the confidence to talk to Neeko about things unrelated to Summoners Rift.

