I need help completing a story!

Author: NYCToiletSlave

*000*2022-05-20 00:36

I started writing a story. I got to the climax and realized I wasn’t descriptive enough. I wanted the story to be memorable so I’m seeking the help of someone who can write a descriptive climax. If there’s any interest I’ll post what I have so far below.

*002*2022-05-20 22:17

{{20 hours ago, AromaticPee said:

I have some interest... if it's got a happy ending.

}}

Here’s what I’ve written so far. Enjoy, feel free to make edits and please help me finish the ending. Multiple/alternate endings might be a good thing

Accidentally impregnating my co-workers wife (a pee fetish story)

It was my coworkers wife’s 32 birthday. She was planning to go to a bar with some of her her friends and her husband (my coworker) was supposed to bring his buddies, we were supposed to all and have a good time. Turns out no one else showed up and suddenly I’m a third wheel to my coworker and his wife.

At the time I was 28. I’m a black man with an athletic build. My coworker, also black but out of shape. He was also older than me. His wife was 32, white with an amazing body. That night she wore tight blue jeans, a black halter top and some sexy heels.

Now I’ve always had a thing for seeing girls desperate to pee and wetting themselves so after a few rounds of drinks I couldn’t help but notice her starting to squirm in her chair. At this point I’m starting to feel the liquor and courageously I ask her “need to go potty?”

She smiles at me and says she’s almost bursting but she didn’t want to “break the seal”.

Fast forward 2 hours. We’re about 10 rounds of drinks in at this point and we decide to head home for the night. My coworker and his wife were clearly in no shape to drive so I offer to drive them home. My coworker jumps in the back seat and lays down. He told his wife to sit up front with me then looks her dead in her eyes and says “don’t fuck him” and then goes to sleep. I look at her confused, and she just says “let’s go home”

As soon as we pull out of the parking lot she looks at me and says “maybe I should have gone to the bathroom before we left”. I asked her if she thinks she can make it to the house.

“I think I can but the last time I chanced it we had to get the car detailed”. Now I already knew what she meant but I was so turned on thinking about her peeing her pants I decided to play dumb. “What do you mean?” I asked.

“We we’re coming back from a night out and got stuck in some bad traffic. I tried to pee in a cup, but ended up getting it all over the back seat. I didn’t even get my panties all the way down” At this point I could feel my cock throbbing. I was rock hard and she knew it. I looked over at her pretending to be shocked by her story and she was staring straight at my bulge. The she looked me in the eyes and said “I just hope we make it home in time.” She starts frantically taking off her jacket and purse and trying to undo her belt in preparation.

Finally we pull up to the house. She’s squirming and rocking side to side in her seat. I look at my buddy in the back seat and say “alright let’s get you inside”. She grabs my hand and says “leave him. I’m about to piss my pants. Help me get inside”. We jump out the car, leave my co worker in the back seat and run for the house. She turns to me and says “oh shit. My keys are in my purse. My purse is in the car”.

“Don’t worry. I’ll grab it” I run back to the car and grab the purse.

{This is where my brain timed out}

*004*2022-05-21 20:26

{{21 hours ago, AromaticPee said:

So the narrator grabs the woman's purse. And three things can happen at this point:

1: She wets herself and says she enjoys the feeling, then has sex with the narrator despite his coworker telling her not to. The co-worker sighs in disappointment.

2: She gets her panties down and pees on the narrator, who is now to the point of ejaculation. Then she puts his penis inside her vagina for him to cum in. His co-worker yells, "NOOOOO!" and then pushes the two away from each other. The co-worker says, "I thought you were my wife..." to the woman.

3: She rushes through the door to the bathroom (assuming there is one), the narrator gets to hear her relief, and she knows he's there. Knowing this gets her very horny, and she has sex with him against his co-worker's wishes, out of the co-worker's field of vision. The co-worker didn't even hear a bit of it. This is the best-case scenario in my opinion.

}}

I like a combination of 1 and 3. I’m a huge fan of seeing girls wetting.

*011*2022-05-24 23:01

{{On 5/22/2022 at 3:54 PM, MoistMark said:

Part 2

Without waiting for an answer she took me by the arm and into the bathroom. ‘Would you run the water in the shower for me?’ she asked.

‘Yes. What did you want me to do?’

‘I’ll show you in a minute.’

I turned on the taps and kept putting a hand under the shower head till it was warm. ‘It’s ready,’ I said.

‘Take off my top,’ she commanded, arms raised so I could lift it over her head. I knew how big her boobs were, of course. The top did not disguise their shape. But I was surprised by how much her nipples stood out. The areolas were flushed a deep red and were almost dome-shaped; the long, hard nipples sitting high on her breasts. I didn’t know white women’s breasts could turn that color. I dropped the top and without meaning to, slipped my hands over those twin delights, the silkiness of the skin contrasting with the stiffness of the nipples in the palm of my hand.

‘Hey, mister,’ she reproved. ‘Don’t go getting all turned on now.’ She gave me a look that belied her words, and took down my pants in one movement, my cock springing upwards like a bent sapling suddenly released. We both feverishly removed my top, and she stepped into the shower. ‘I need you to soap me all over,’ she said, beckoning me in.

The next ten minutes were sheer heaven. I soaped up my hands and lavished their attention upon every part of her body. As I cleansed her breasts she gathered her wet hair and put it behind her, arching her back so my hands were filled with their shape. When I caressed her bum with the soapy bubbles, she pressed her body against mine. She leaned back against the wall, legs apart, while I lathered her private hair. Only when I touched her pussy did she halt me, saying ‘Not with soap. I’ll do that.’

Then it was my turn to be washed, Brooklyn exploring me so thoroughly – roughly clawing at my chest and scrubbing my back with a loofah, digging fingers right into my bum crack and slavering soap onto my penis – that I felt known in a way I had never before.

After rinsing us both, we left the shower and dried ourselves with warm towels from the rail. Brooklyn said, ‘I can’t wait any longer. Please take me.’ She bent over the bath, hands resting on the side, offering her rear to me like a gift, legs apart, pussy wet and inviting.

‘What about Larry?’ I asked.

‘What about me?’ he said. I nearly yelped. Larry was standing there, his muscular frame filling the doorway. The front door must have been left open, because I did not hear him come in. ‘You heard her. Take her now.’

‘But…?’

‘She wants you to. I want you to. You want her. So take her.’ So saying, he undressed deftly and remained in the doorway, his magnificent cock standing proud and erect. If Brooklyn had not turned her head towards me again and urged ‘Please,’ I might have backed out, but at that encouragement brought the tip of my penis to her waiting lips, softly parting them and anointing them with pre-cum. I looked again at Larry, half expecting him to erupt with anger, but his face was one of such yearning that I pushed myself into Brooklyn’s pussy, making her sigh softly and move her body to greet me. Then my confusion and uncertainty was forgotten as the heat of desire banished all other considerations. After just a few strokes, she began to whimper with each thrust into her. Larry remained transfixed, intensely watching me sliding in and out of his wife, his own penis glistening with the juices of arousal.

Brooklyn surprised me. Despite our lack of physical foreplay, she responded quickly, her whimpers building in intensity until she was uttering a noise on each movement. Before I was half-way there, she reached a climax, head back, body shaking, mouth a ‘round O of delights’. I continued thrusting and she began to build to a second climax, gasping as I took hold of her hips and plunged into her depths, setting her breasts swaying and jiggling. Her pussy was warm and smooth with our juices, and her muscles clamped down on my penis so it was all I could do not to come instantly. She orgasmed noisily, body convulsing so uncontrollably that I could hold back no longer, and my cum joined hers in a series of jerks that left me dizzy from hyperventilating. She turned back to me and grinned her appreciation.

‘That was fantastic. But don’t stop!’

I needed a breather, though, and Larry was indicating he should take over, so I slid out of Brooklyn and sat on the toilet seat, while he took a moment to kiss and caress her, running his fingers through her hair before tracing the lines of her body as it curved in for her slender waist and out again over her hips. His large hands cupped her round bum, then he let a finger run from the depression in the small of her back right down between her cheeks to her vagina. Two fingers separated her lips; one carried some of my cum up to her clitoris, moving over and around it till she was moaning loudly. Then he took her roughly, banging into her so hard and fast that she reached a peak in a series of screams, the last a drawn-out cry from the depths of her being. She collapsed onto the side of the bath gasping and groaning. Larry paused, having come out of her when she collapsed, but soon started to stroke and caress her anew.

‘No, no more,’ she breathed. So he lifted her up in his strong arms, turned her round and closed her fist on his cock. She stroked and rubbed it until he too was puffing and panting, and soon he was jerking and shaking, white cum exploding from between her fingers onto her hair and breasts.

***

There followed a time, I can’t tell you how long it lasted, while all three of us sat or lay where we were. What had passed had been too intense for speech, for thought. Slowly, though, we started to recover. Brooklyn was the first to move, coming over and kissing me tenderly, her cum-streaked hair tickling my chest. Then she did the same to Larry, and said, ‘Thank you boys. That was so hot!’

Larry looked at me and asked, ‘Was that the end to the evening you were expecting?’

Of course I had not. ‘But one thing, Larry. You told Brooklyn not to fuck me.’

‘Oh, I lied!’ Brooklyn broke in. ‘He just meant, “Don’t fuck him until I arrive.” He will have followed us in and waited in the hall listening until I said “Take me.” That was our sign.’

‘So it was all planned?’ I asked in amazement.

‘Sure,’ Larry said. ‘Ever since I told Brooklyn about your pee thing, she’s been begging me to arrange to play with you. It’s a big thing for her too, as you saw.’

‘Wait, how did you know about that? I’ve never spoken about it.’

‘Oh come on! Remember when Brigitte at work wet her panties because the baby kicked her bladder? She had to excuse herself in a meeting. When I mentioned it to you, you were all, “Oh, I wish I’d seen that’, and “What a pity I wasn’t in that meeting.” It was very obvious!’

‘So I thought I would like to have some real pee fun with you, and then fuck you.’ Brooklyn continued. ‘I know you’re into me – the way you look at me when we go out for drinks together. And Larry is quite into you too.’

‘What do you mean? I never thought…’ I trailed off.

‘Meh, I’ve always thought you were quite cute. I didn’t mind seeing you bang my missus, let’s put it that way.’

Brooklyn gave Larry a huge hug, and reached out a hand to me too, to draw me into the cuddle. ‘Thank you both again,’ she smiled.

‘Happy birthday, Brooklyn.’

}}

Can I say that was amazing. You are way better at descriptive writing than me . Larry being on board with it was a nice twist. A+

