S.T.O.R.M. Force (MCU Fanfic) - Page 2

Author: Noot

*027*2021-04-11 03:43

“You think this is it?”

“This is it,” Carol said, “I’m sure of it. Makes too much sense not to be”.

“What makes you say that?” Pepper asked, finally letting her helmet retract into the neck of her suit. She looked a far cry from the woman who had run Stark Industries for a time; her eyes were puffy and red, like she’d barely slept in days- which was true.

“Well, for one thing, it’s pretty much the only damn room in this place that hasn’t been searched,” Carol pointed out, “and for another… just look at it”.

Even Pepper had to admit that Carol had a point on that one. The door was built with what appeared to be fine mahogany, a far cry from the dull metals that made up most of the others in these ancient ironworks. Proudly displayed on a golden plaque embedded into the wood were a few words. Neither of them had the linguistic skills to decipher it, but they both agreed that it probably said that this was the manager’s office. Carol’s instinct had been to charge in and take him down right away. Only with some convincing from Pepper had she relented and agreed to wait for the rest of the team.

“I’ve sent the others our location,” Pepper said, “they should be here any minute now”.

###

Jennifer knew she was getting closer. The signal Pepper had sent to her radio couldn't have come from more than a few dozen feet away. She pushed through another heavy iron door, quite ignoring the salient fact that it was locked. It led her to another empty room, filled with cold, unused machinery in lieu of humans.

She-Hulk's bowels gurgled again and she didn't hesitate to force out another wet, heavy fart. It rasped out between her cheeks and left her tight hole feeling moist, but her belly satisfied. She wasn't looking forward to what would happen when she eventually reverted to human form. There was no chance little Jennifer would be able to hold the same volume of poop that the monster could. The only option was to find somewhere to take a dump before she changed. Maybe there was a human-sized toilet around here somewhere she could ruin...

————————————————————————————————————————————————

Kate heard Carol and Pepper before she saw them, talking openly about some door. That meant one of two things: either they were idiots, or the coast was clear. They sounded like they weren't far, either, just around the corner from where Kate was approaching. Before she rounded the bend, she halted. Her bladder felt at least half-full, and still hadn't been for a shit in days. And here, right here, was a quiet corner where she could relieve herself in peace, all without anyone knowing...

Almost as soon as it had arrived, Kate pushed the thought away. She couldn't start going to the bathroom on the floor. Well, that wasn't entirely accurate. Kate had no problems using the floor as a bathroom, nor had she ever hesitated to do so before when the urge hit her. The problem was the risk of being caught by her new team. And that was unlikely to go down well.

——————————————————————————————————————————————————

Shuri kept her eyes peeled for a woman's bathroom, but to no avail. She passed men's bathrooms, two of them in fact, but nowhere a lady could go and get some relief. In other circumstances, if things were a little more desperate, she would surely consider ducking into one of those. But she was still more than a little ashamed after peeing backstage during the battle in New York, and she didn't want to do anything to further the idea she was quickly gaining in her own head that she still had the bladder of a little girl.

Whatever was wrong, Shuri could only hope that it wouldn't take long to resolve. The sooner they found a clean women's bathroom, the happier- and drier- she would be.

——————————————————————————————————————————————————

True to character, Kamala was the last to arrive. She slipped through a half-open door to find her five teammates already waiting, gathered around a heavy wooden door with a golden plaque. Her bowels still gurgled on; her quest to find a potty before meeting with them had proven fruitless.

"This the right door?" she asked, trying not to let on that she had to go number two.

"Pretty sure," Carol said, "we were just waiting for everyone before we went in".

"Then let's go," Shuri encouraged, "if the bastard is in there, we'll overpower him".

Nobody had any arguments with this, and it was Pepper who stepped up to do the honours. Her metal-coated hand clasped around the brass doorknob, squeezing tightly, and she turned. It flung open easily- unlocked, and Kamala couldn't pretend she wasn't at least a little surprised. In the comic books, things were rarely this easy. But it only took a few seconds of a glance around to realise that she had spoken too soon.

The office was totally empty. This was where the boss worked, alright, but that was where their intel had stopped being accurate. There was little doubt that they had the right room, judging by the expensive-looking computer on the desk, the moose's head mounted to the wall and the sink in one corner. But there wasn't a living soul in there with them, nor was there anywhere someone could possibly be hiding.

Instead there was a note; just a piece of paper left in front of the keyboard. Kamala must have seen it first because she stepped towards it before anyone else, belly still grumbling irritably. It had just one word, scrawled on it in messy handwriting.

Poof.

———————————————————————————————————

Episode Four

“I still don’t see why we have to walk, like, fifty miles to get to this guy’s house,” Kamala grumbled, stepping over the trunk of a fallen tree, “what’s wrong with driving up to the front door?”

“We are,” Kate reminded her, “or, at least, Pepper and Carol are. We’re here as backup”.

“And there’s a good chance the place has been booby trapped,” Shuri pointed out. The three of them had only been trekking through the forest for ten minutes, but it had felt like far longer. Their job was to follow the GPS data S.H.I.E.L.D. had sent them until they reached the backyard of the mansion belonging to the factory manager. Pepper’s logic was that if he wasn’t at work, he would probably be there- and even if he wasn’t home, they would be sure to find something useful. She’d taken Carol by car towards the front of the house and She-Hulk was approaching from the west. The idea was simple: even if he heard them coming, there would be nowhere he could escape to.

Kamala threw her stick, watching it wistfully until it landed some twenty feet in front of them. Her arm snaked out, ten times its usual length, and picked up the branch to toss it again. She’d been at it ever since they’d started walking. It was like watching a dog play fetch with herself.

“Anyway,” Kate said, trying not to let Kamala’s superhuman fiddling distract her, “we should be almost there. I’m pretty sure it’s that fence“. She pointed towards a row of dark wooden panels in the distance.

“We’re going to have a job getting through those bushes without being seen or heard,” Shuri said. She was nervously eyeing up the ten-foot hedge that bordered the garden. They looked plenty thick, with the mansion looming in the background.

Kate rested her bow against the trunk of a nearby oak tree. “Speaking of bushes, watch my back for a second,” she said, “I gotta take a leak before we do this thing”.

—————————————————————————————————

“So, do you think she’ll be in there?”

It was the first time either woman had spoken since they’d dropped Jennifer off half a mile back and pulled onto the country road. The car- lent by S.H.I.E.L.D. to help the six heroes look as inconspicuous as possible while still all fitting in one vehicle- had been tense throughout the drive. Finding the office empty had seriously thrown a curveball their way, and Pepper still seemed to be recovering. It was a bleak Sokovian day, seeming to be on the edge of raining almost permanently. Miss Potts took a long time to respond.

“No,” she sighed, sounding depressed, “I don’t think she will. I never expect anything to be that easy anymore”.

“You might be surprised,” Carol said. She wasn’t used to being the one tasked with lightening the mood, and it showed.

Pepper flicked the indicator down to turn left. “Carol, I’d love nothing more than for my daughter to be sitting in that building unharmed right now,” she said, “but I’m not getting my hopes up, you know? We know this guy is close to Hammer. That’s all. We don’t even know his real name”.

“Even if she’s not, there’s gotta be something we can use in there”.

“That’s what Fury thinks, too,” Pepper said.

“I trust his judgement,” Carol said, “don’t you?”

Pepper blinked. “I have to trust him,” she said, “if I don’t, my chances of getting Morgan back go from fair to non-existent”.

Carol didn’t know what to say to this. Being comforting, keeping the faith- these weren’t her strong suits. She could take down a warship in a matter of seconds, but worried mothers were slightly more tricky. And she needed to poop, although she wasn’t about to disclose that fact to Pepper. It was a growing feeling of discomfort in her gut that had shown no sign of letting up for several hours. With any luck, the house would be empty, the search swift and she could use the bathroom before they escaped. If things were any more complicated than that, Carol knew that things could get much worse before they got better for her bowels.

—————————————————————————————————

Jennifer was in real trouble, and she knew it. She'd found the mansion with no trouble at all- at her size, a half-kilometre walk wasn't exactly taxing- and, as predicted, there had been no locals in the forest to spot her. She'd reached her assigned position way ahead of schedule, found a good place to stay out of sight, and waited for Pepper to get in touch to tell her that it was time to move in. The problem, then, wasn't the mission.

The problem was her bowels. They were painfully full, volatile and incredibly gassy, and the situation was getting worse by the minute. It had taken a minor miracle not to stink the car out, and after a drive spent clenching her cheeks painfully closed, she'd practically erupted into monster farts the second she stepped away from the vehicle. That flow of gas had pushed the heavy load inside of her even closer to the exit. Even if she stayed as She-Hulk, she knew she couldn't hold it in much longer. If, as was a very real possibility, she turned back into Jennifer... well, that wouldn't be pretty. She-Hulk-sized turds were decidedly thicker than her petit human anus could usually allow.

She knew it was now or never. Any second now, the signal would come from Pepper to get her ass in gear, and then there'd be no time to waste. Speaking of waste...

Jennifer made up her mind there and then. She squatted, lowered her waistband and, with a glance around to check for people, let go. She barely had to push- just relieving some of the intensity with which she was trying to hold back did enough. Her asshole flexed and a monster log crowned, slipping out quickly and hitting the leaves below with a crunch. The feeling of relief was almost orgasmic, but there was plenty more where that came from.

Jennifer let out a moan- and she was interrupted by a familiar voice in her earpiece, not Pepper but Carol.

"Okay, it's time," Carol said, "move in, everyone".

Jennifer swore under her breath. She glanced down to see the enormous, steaming brown log between her legs. It was comfortably thrice the size of a usual human poop, and no more than a quarter of what she was holding inside her. The rest would have to wait. She stood and, pulling her pants back up, painfully forced her hole closed. The second log was knocking at the door, and it took a great deal of will to keep it inside.

She held up a thick, green finger to her ear, hoping the pain wasn't evident in her voice.

"On my way," she said, "I'll see you in there".

———————————————————————————————————

Shuri took the lead, able to move faster and more gracefully than her colleagues. She pulled out in front of Kamala, picking up into a run, and Kate, who was still refastening her hastily pulled-up pants. The archer had been just about to let rip before Carol’s signal, and had yanked her jeans back into place, cursing her luck. Shuri, used to running ahead of the pack, had no trouble reaching the fence first. There was no keeping count of how many times she had watched her late brother, T'Challa, charging into battle like this, and through him she had learned the true secret.

He had taught her that it did not truly matter whether she was fast, agile or physically strong. Such attributes were useful in combat, of course, but leadership was something else entirely. By the time that their father died, he had been growing into an old man, heavier and slower than ever before- and yet he had never lost the respect of his people. Almost all of the army King T'Chaka commanded remained fiercely loyal to him until the end. T'Challa had explained to Shuri more than once that the true path to becoming the Black Panther was confidence. If he or she who wore the mask ran towards danger with the belief that they were certain to come out alive at the other end, people would follow them into anything. And for that reason, Shuri didn't even need to look back as she sprinted to know that Kate and Kamala were on her trail.

The fence came at her before she knew it, and Shuri vaulted it smartly, landing softly on her feet. The landing was plenty graceful, save for one minor detail: as she hit the leaves below with a crunch, the bend in her knees contracted her bowels lightly and a soft fart slipped out. It rumbled and vibrated against the ass of her suit, but Shuri ignored it. It was just the latest in a line of several signs that she needed to use the bathroom soon. Clearly, there was no time for that here or now, so she put the thought at the back of her mind like Kate had done.It felt safe to assume that neither of the other women had heard the muffled noise.

Just as they were landing behind her, Shuri was making a pathway through the hedge ahead. The Princess was sincerely aware that she was at something of an automatic advantage. After years of practice using this suit to fight against all sorts of evils, wearing it was second nature to her. Kate, on the other hand, had to run and climb with a bow and heavy quiver strapped to her back, while Kamala- when she was in her regular, unstretched form- often looked as though she'd never run before in her life, with the awkward and gangly way her legs moved. Even with bowels full of poop that wouldn't wait around for long, Shuri was easily the fastest.

They soon emerged into a garden that looked very much like the one they'd seen on Fury's satellite images. It was a huge open space, grand enough to match the massive mansion that now towered over them just thirty or so metres away. An extravagant pond took up one corner, presumably brimming with expensive Koi. And there was an outhouse. They didn't have many of those back in Wakanda, but Shuri recognised it immediately. It was only a small wooden shack, and yet she knew that inside was a toilet, commonplace in Sokovia. Her colon begged her to nip in and empty it into the hole. There was no time for that, so she ignored it. The outhouse had to be ancient anyway: there was just no chance that a house so expensive didn't have at least two indoor bathrooms. The younger, less focused side of Shuri hoped she could just take a dump in one of those instead.

Checking that the other two women were right behind her, Shuri crouched low and started to approach the house. She understood better than anyone the importance of being prepared for any scenario. Carol had told them that they were entering the house on the assumption that nobody was home. Shuri didn't like to make assumptions. For all she knew, someone was in there waiting to try and kill them, and she wasn't ready to make it easy for them.

————————————————————————————————————

No matter how many times she went through the same bizarre process, Jennifer Walters never got used to the effect it had on her digestive system. In her life as a regular human, she’d always been small and mousy, and big poops were a rarity. She could probably have counted on her fingers the number of times she’d done anything large enough to be hard to flush, and those were only ever as a result of food poisoning or holding for too long. She-Hulk was different. When she was green, her entire internal anatomy seemed to twist and warp to the extent that her organs were barely recognisable from their human form. That meant that she needed more food to energise herself… and that food had to come out somewhere.

And that, she reflected as she charged through the thick wooden gate that led into the target’s garden, was a tricky situation for a girl who was too heavy to sit on most toilets. Usually, if nature called while she was in this form, options were limited to either finding a place to squat outside or holding it until she could shrink back to her regular size. But that posed problems of its own, not least because her human bowels were simply far too small to hold a Hulk-sized dump. And at that moment in time, a Hulk-sized dump was exactly what she needed- and badly.

The garden was enormous, and gave off the immediate impression of a homeowner with more money than they knew what to do with. Slightly overgrown bushes dotted the place and a faux river ran through the centre, crowned by an elaborate water feature that seemed to have been turned off. There were plenty of sorely tempting places where Jennifer knew she could duck down and unload, but before she had the chance to let her bowels talk her into it, she was interrupted by rustling coming from across the yard. She looked up in time to see Shuri standing there, crouched down, having emerged noiselessly from the hedges that lined the perimeter. Kamala Khan was pushing through the branches in a decidedly clumsy fashion. Bishop took up the rear, bow pulled and ready, keeping her body low to the ground. Just looking at her stance made Jennifer want to poop where she stood.

But that would hardly have been appropriate, so she clenched her huge green cheeks even tighter and started down her assigned route, barely acknowledging the other three women. Her brief had been to squeeze down a narrow alley (narrow for her, not for normal people) and try to enter through a side door they’d found on the satellite images. Carol and Pepper had been tasked with taking care of the alarm. If they’d managed it, there would be no indication that Jennifer had torn off the door, nor that Shuri was using a Wakandan lock pick to slide aside the glass back door.

Within seconds she was standing in a luxurious, empty kitchen. But straight away she knew something wasn’t right. For a start, everything was packed away. It reminded her of a house that was in-between owners. There was a dishwasher and a laundry machine and a refrigerator with an ice cube dispenser, but there was no toaster or microwave that she could see, and there were cupboards, but her instincts told her that there would be nothing behind the doors. As a lawyer, Jennifer often found herself noticing things that most people would overlook. This didn’t fall under that category. Even a child could see that this was a house that hadn’t been lived in for quite some time.

The back door had only slowed Shuri and company down by a few seconds, so by the time Jennifer had her bearings she could already hear their voices from somewhere that sounded no more than a couple of rooms away. Jennifer’s bowels grumbled angrily again. She reached behind her with a timidness uncharacteristic of a Hulk and squeezed one of her cheeks, hoping to soothe the aching desperation. It did very little to help. The urge was still a powerful one, and her hole was still stretching, desperate to keep pushing out logs.

Jennifer forced that to the back of her mind. They needed to search the house; there were all sorts of possibilities. It could be booby-trapped, it could be an ambush- there was even a small chance that Morgan could be here… and that was clearly the most important thing on her mind.

Ploughing through the heavy pain in her stomach, Jennifer moved as gracefully as possible onto the next room, ducking beneath the frame so as to not hit her head. She found herself in a long corridor, which seemed to lead towards the front of the house. Out on one side was a small bathroom, barely bigger than a closet. With the door cracked open, she saw a toilet and sink, but nothing that looked temporary. She knew that her weight would crush the toilet, but there was another option- if she could find a few minutes to herself while nobody was looking.

That wouldn't be for a while, though, so Jennifer groaned and kept moving.

*031*2021-10-12 20:11

Shuri was way past needing the bathroom by the time she stepped inside the house. At that point, she was full-on desperate. Her bowels, heavy and stuffed, were one thing... but her bladder was quite another. It felt fit to burst, not helped by the tight vibranium suit that hugged her waist. Not for the first time, she wished she had designed something a little less tight-fitting for herself. Baggy clothes weren't very superhero, but at least they didn't make her want to pee her pants every couple of hours.

She led Kamala towards the stairs, while Kate kept low. There was no sign yet of Pepper or Carol, and Shuri wasn't sure whether to worry about that or not. No alarms had sounded as far as she was aware, so she pressed on towards the first floor. Each step was a dagger in her bladder, with the weight of all that pee sloshing around in there only making it harder to hold it in. It was all she could do to keep moving, when what she really wanted was to hold herself tight, dance around or, better yet, find a toilet to relieve herself into.

"Gods, I have to pee so bad," she moaned when they reached the top of the stairway.

Kamala pressed the heel of her palm into the top of her crotch. "Me too," she said, "you think there's a bathroom around here?"

"There must be, somewhere," Shuri decided, "but we need to search every room in order. We can't have anyone sneaking up behind us". Reluctantly, she opened the first door to her right, which lead into what seemed to be the master bedroom. It made sense, when she thought about it, that the owner would want the closest room to the rest of the house.

This room, too, looked barely lived-in. The bed was king-sized and neatly made, the wardrobes huge, and there was a widescreen TV hanging on the wall opposite where the sleeper's head would go. Shuri looked down and saw an immaculately clean carpet. There were no signs of a struggle, not in here nor anywhere else they'd seen so far in the house. But it wouldn't do to leave the job half-done. She wanted to search thoroughly, to make sure they didn't miss anything. Even a tiny detail could prove crucial to finding Morgan. Slowly, carefully, Shuri crossed the room.

All the while her bladder was screaming at her to abandon the search and go find a toilet. She felt it with every movement she made; her sphincter was struggling to stay shut. It only made matters worse that she had to poop, too- the combined mass of her eager-to-escape waste made her feel twenty pounds heavier, and that meant she wasn't nearly as ready for a fight as she would have liked. All that could be done was to hope nothing started a brawl. There was no chance her bursting bladder could withstand anything more physical than a brisk walk.

The first wardrobe she opened came up empty. When she pulled aside the door of the second, something big and heavy fell out and slumped onto the floor. Leaping back, she realised what it was: a man, lifeless, his features ghostly pail. That was when Shuri's bladder let go. She didn't know whether it was the shock of the shape almost falling on her or the fear of seeing a dead body. Shuri just knew that she was peeing her pants, and she couldn't stop it. Hot liquid soaked her crotch and started to stream down her legs, saturating her underwear beneath that tough black suit.

Once the flow had begun, it would not be interrupted. Shuri could only stand there, flushing with shame, as a puddle started to form beneath her feet. She had to admit it felt more than a little good to finally let go of the pressure that had been building. Still, she was a superhero, and it seemed she was making a habit out of urinating in places unbecoming of her status. She tried to cut off the tide and found that it was no good. So Shuri sighed and finished wetting herself instead.

Her partner must have heard the thump of the body hitting the floor, because she appeared in the room a moment later, just as Shuri's leak was finally running dry. The girl herself looked as desperate as Shuri had felt; she danced into the room uneasily and twisted her legs into knots that would have been impossible for any other human as soon as she came to a stop. It only took her a couple of seconds to spot the body on the ground.

Kamala gasped. "You know who that guy is?"

"No, but I'm guessing Pepper will".

Only then did Kamala notice that there was a sizeable puzzle beside the dead man, and directly beneath Shuri. She nodded at the stain. "So, you didn't make it, huh?"

Shuri blushed even further. "No, he startled me when he fell. Please don't tell anyone," she pleaded.

The sweet girl just gave her a smile. "I won't, if you don't tell anyone about this". Kamala rounded the bed, heading towards the far corner of the room. "I can't hold it in any longer, and I know you can keep a secret, so I'm just gonna go right ahead and do it here".

Before Shuri could say a word, Kamala unzipped her suit somewhere down the back and peeled off the top half. Beneath she wore nothing but a bra, but the girl's curvy figure didn't make Shuri shy. She knew she should look away as Kamala peeled her underwear aside and unleashed a torrent of pee onto a patch of the carpet that nobody was likely to look too closely at. Shuri decided to give her some privacy.

The last thing she heard before she left the room was a relieved moan and Kamala asking nobody in particular if she could get away with shitting in there, too.

————————————————————————————————————

With the whole ground floor thoroughly searched, the women regrouped at the top of the stairs to assess their next move. Carol and Pepper had been unable to get through the front door without risking being seen, but once it was established that the house was empty, Jennifer had let them in through a side gate. Kate, trained by the best in the art of paranoia, had insisted on checking just about everything for a hidden passageway or trapdoor that could lead to a cellar. What felt like half an hour later, she'd eventually conceded that no such basement existed.

One of the benefits of Wakandan technology being woven into her suit was that there was no way Shuri's colleagues could tell she'd had an accident. Her crotch was already dry. Back home they used that fast-drying technology in plenty of garments, usually for people who worked jobs where they were likely to sweat a lot. She'd had a very different use for it in mind when designing her Black Panther outfit. It had come in useful a few times.

Kamala, of course, knew what Shuri had done, but the girl wasn't likely to tell anyone given that she herself had left a sizeable puddle on the floor. The rest of the group had seen the dead man- Pepper had identified that it was, indeed, the one they'd been looking for- but none of them had paid any attention to the dark patch in the corner of the carpet. For that Shuri was grateful, as it avoided any questions that might expose her part in events. She didn't mind the others knowing that she'd wet herself, but not while they were on a mission. That conversation could surely wait until they weren't in a strange house searching for Pepper's daughter.

To make matters worse, with her bladder emptied, Shuri's full bowels had become even more of a problem. Now there was only one urgent need for her body to focus on. She didn't know how much longer she could hold it in. All she needed to do was hang on until they had finished their business in the house, then she could excuse herself to use one of the many toilets before they left. No doubt one or two of the others would be grateful for the opportunity to do the same. But not while they were working. She loathed the idea of looking weak in front of the others, especially the adults. Kamala wasn't so bad, because the two were more similar than she'd realised, but the three grown women would probably not be impressed if Shuri took a ten-minute break at such an important time. Even Kate made her uneasy. The girl was so focused, so professional, that she seemed almost adult in her own way.

Shuri's need to poop was manifesting in just about the worst way she could imagine: gas. So far she'd gotten away with it without anyone hearing, but that was bound not to last. She'd be searching one of the seemingly endless upstairs rooms when she'd have to bend over to check beneath a bed or in a cupboard, and one would slip out. The only saving grace was that she'd been spared the ears of one of her colleagues by the simple fact that they were checking rooms individually. Nobody was in earshot when she had to let one rip, or when a fart involuntarily slipped out. And her suit was just about tight enough to keep the smell from leaking out into the house. How long that would last was anyone's guess.

When everyone was ready, Pepper gave the instructions: she would search the top floor with Carol, Kamala and Jennifer would finish checking the level they were on now... and Shuri was to keep watch outside with Kate Bishop. She swallowed nervously when she heard that. There were no toilets outside. But there seemed little point in arguing, so she followed the archer down the stairs and out towards the front of the house. They settled into position, a corner from which they could see any comings and goings without being spotted themselves. And still Shuri's stomach gurgled and groaned, and she wondered how much longer she could wait.

###

Pepper Potts badly needed to use the bathroom. She'd delayed and denied it for as long as she could, but being- as she was- only human, she couldn't ignore nature's call forever. In her worry about Morgan and sheer single-minded focus on getting her back, Pepper hadn't been eating or drinking much over the last few days... but she'd had some, and that was going to need to come out somewhere. It was going to need to come out somewhere pretty soon, at both ends. She could probably hold it for a few more hours, but not much longer without a gargantuan effort.

Her bladder was at the point now where it never ceased begging for relief. Almost ever since arriving at the house, she'd felt that heavy fullness everywhere she went. It needed to be emptied so badly, enough that Pepper had started to worry about the possibility of leaking into her underwear.

If that wasn't bad enough, she couldn't remember the last time she'd had to poop so badly. She was someone who usually went number two once every two or three days, and this seemed to be one of those days. Her colon felt ready to burst.

Though she knew she was being unfair on herself, it was hard not to feel guilty. Her daughter was out there somewhere- possibly even in the immediate area- scared, alone, in danger... and Pepper was more concerned with her own bodily needs. She suspected that that was the real reason why she hadn't been to the toilet yet. It was like using the bathroom would be akin to putting her own needs in front of Morgan's. What if that delay while she was relieving herself ended up costing them valuable time? She was desperate not to slow the team down.

Then again, it wasn't like she was the only one suffering from such limitations. As a mother, she had had no problem noticing that Kamala, Shuri and even Kate had all been desperate for the bathroom at one time or another during the mission so far. It was obvious, especially in Kamala. She fidgeted a hell of a lot. The only reason she hadn't said anything was so as not to embarrass them. It stood to reason that Carol had been at least to pee a couple of times, too, and while Pepper wasn't sure exactly how the bladder and bowels of a Hulk worked, she imagined that Jennifer, too, had to use the potty at some point.

She resolved to try and talk to the group about it at some point. It made sense to try and resolve the problem now, before it became a serious detriment. Not for the first time, Pepper reflected on how she never heard the Avengers talking about bathroom breaks during missions. Then again, Tony could just pee in his suit, Thor was a God, Steve a supersoldier and Natasha probably too stubborn to ever admit when she had to go.

Of course, it wasn't as if there weren't any bathrooms available in this house. There were multiple. Pepper just didn't like the idea of how it would look if she was to sneak off and take a dump in the middle of the mission. What she needed was some kind of excuse... just an excuse, then she could get back to the mission in peace, without worrying about having an accident.

But no excuse arose, and so she was forced to keep searching the house. Carol was always nearby, and the top floor was the smallest of the house. She couldn't very well lock a bathroom door without her partner noticing, and then probably asking what was up. Ideally, she could find a toilet away from the others. She knew it was going to be more than a quick poop. She'd held it longer than was healthy, and now it could take a long while to completely empty herself.

When she and Carol were both satisfied that there was nothing for them in the house, they finally headed back down the stairs, picking up Jennifer and Kamala on the way. It felt like she'd been punched in the stomach, and not just because she was dying to poop. Morgan wasn't here. She'd expected as much, but it still hurt.

When they stepped out of the house and into the driveway, where Kate and Shuri were waiting, Pepper realised she had no idea what to do next. Her body could only focus on finding a bathroom, but her brain wouldn't allow any seconds to be wasted.

"I'm getting Fury on the radio as soon as we can," she announced, "I want him to send someone over to examine the body we found inside. It could tell us something useful".

"What do we do in the meantime?" Jennifer asked.

Get to a bathroom was what Pepper wanted to say. Instead she sighed. "We lay low. Don't go anywhere where someone might recognise us. We don't want to risk giving our position away".

Back in the car, it felt more cramped than Kate remembered. She sat in the back row, with Shuri in the seat to her left. There wasn't much leg room. In front, Kamala Khan was squeezed beside Jennifer, who had shrunk back into her human form shortly after they left the mansion, as if the She-Hulk in her had known that she was no longer needed. Pepper still drove determinedly and Carol gave directions from the passenger seat. Other than her quietly announcing which exits Pepper needed to take, nobody was talking much, and Kate had a good idea why.

She couldn't think about much else other than how badly she had to poop. Her colon felt full to the brim with hard, firm mess that was constantly trying to force its way out of her. The only thing stopping a full-on accident, she was sure, was the fact that she was sitting on a car seat rather than standing up. Her suit had been built for flexibility, so it would be no use to her when it came to restraining the load that so desperately needed to come out. The car smelt of farts, but she didn't think they were hers.

Kate had tried just about everything to make it easier to hold on. First she'd attempted to distract herself mentally, but that hadn't been much good. Looking out the window was only so much help, especially when all of the surroundings felt the same. There was a limit to how powerful trees and rocks could be. So she'd resorted to fidgeting like a child, which she resented while recognising the necessity of. Her legs had been crossed for the first half of the drive, and when that hadn't worked, she'd had to pull up a leg and sit on her heel. The hard part of her foot dug into her asshole as if it was plugging her up. Still, even with all of that squirming, she knew she was nearing her limit.

She was worried about what would happen if she couldn't hang on. She'd been constipated for so long that this was bound to be a monster poop. Even Jennifer would probably be concerned if she had this much crap stuffed inside of her, Kate was sure. And if that all came out before she could get to a toilet, not only would her suit be ruined but every single one of her colleagues would be sure to notice. She couldn't afford to be the girl who dumped a massive load into her pants. She was supposed to be Hawkeye.

Eventually, she forced herself to speak up, only because the alternative was something far worse. "Hey, guys," she called, her voice carrying easily in the near-silent car, "do you think we could stop to find a bathroom soon?"

She felt embarrassed to even say it, but to Kate's enormous relief some of her colleagues eagerly seized on her suggestion. That, at least, helped her to feel a little less self-conscious.

"Yeah, can we?" Kamala asked, "I really have to go".

"Actually, I wouldn't mind a stop either," Jennifer agreed.

Pepper looked over her shoulder back at them with an expression that Kate couldn't quite read. Was it annoyance? Disappointment? Or was there an element of relief there?

"Okay," she said, after a long pause, "we'll pull over at the next gas stop, but I need you all in civilian clothes before we even think about getting out of the car. Kamala, no stretching. Jennifer, no-"

"Hulking?" Jennifer suggested. Her voice sounded strangely strained. "I wouldn't worry about that for a while".

Kate was grateful to know that they were finally stopping off somewhere, but she was still less than optimistic about her chances of making it without humiliating herself. If she farted, or rushed to be first in line, people would find out she was more desperate than she'd let on, and that was something she couldn't even think about without blushing deeply.

"We're about ten minutes away from the nearest rest stop," Carol announced from the front of the car.

Ten minutes. I can do that, Kate thought, although she wasn't so sure deep down. The only comfort was that now she was starting to wonder if some of the others might be just as desperate.

————————————————————————————————————————————————————

The longest ten minutes of Jennifer Walters' life came to a creaking stop as the cramped car rolled up to the pump at a gas station a few miles out of the city. Outside the air was cold and unforgiving, the wind nipping at each window like a terrier. But Jennifer didn't care about the weather. There were a handful of Sokovians at the rest stop when they pulled up. The question was how many of them were likely to recognise any of the gaggle of women that filtered out of the vehicle when the four doors finally swung open. Pepper Potts was a famous face in America, but here? Not so much. Carol didn't spend enough time on earth to be a household name, while the three younger women were yet to build a global reputation. And as for Jennifer herself, well... when she wasn't green and 6'7", nobody ever asked her for an autograph.

She could tell just by reading faces and tones that most of the group had been struggling towards the end of the journey here. That was hardly surprising. In her understandable determination to get her daughter home safely, Pepper had completely forgotten about one crucial aspect of managing a team: their own comfort. She'd neglected to address the most basic needs of her subordinates and it showed by the way most of them waddled towards the bathrooms- not to mention the grim expressions a lot of the girls had shown in the traffic before they arrived. Jennifer knew better than anyone how they were all feeling. She'd shrunk back into human form some time ago, which in some ways was a relief; blending into the crowd was impossible while she was transformed. It left her, though, with a Hulk-sized dump trying to escape her.

The gas station was a run-down, desolate place. If not for the few faces buying petrol or stretching their legs, it would have been easy to assume that the whole structure had been abandoned for a decade or more. Through the glass, though, she could see a cashier talking to a customer, and another queueing up to pay for fuel.

It was Kate who saw the toilets first, what with her vision being streets ahead of the others: "there's only one women's bathroom," she said glumly. "We'll have to line up". As they got closer, Jennifer spotted the tiny cubicle.

That glance was enough to convince Jennifer that she had to get away. The door, half-opened, showed a single toilet in a cramped room. She couldn't, in good conscience, push to the front of the line, but she knew she couldn't wait until her turn either. So she did what years as a lawyer had prepared her for: she lied.

"Guys, I'm gonna go stretch my legs," she said, "I'll see you in a sec".

She rushed off, knowing she was running out of time. The massive poop inside of her wasn't going to wait much longer- it was urgent.

Jennifer was no stranger to crapping her pants on the comedown from She-Hulk to human, but she couldn't bare the thought of doing it in front of her new colleagues. She'd been over a year without suffering the humiliation. As a realist, though, she knew that her only option was to get out of sight of the other girls. That was the best she could hope for. So, as a monster-sized turd started to poke out of her asshole, Jennifer disappeared around the corner of the gas station.

As soon as she was sure nobody could see her, it happened.

The incredible shit that she had been straining to keep inside of her for so long finally overpowered her mind. Her colon, stuffed to the brim with a sump big enough for a Hulk, could wait no longer. Jennifer went weak at the knees. She leant against the filthy brick wall with both hands and moaned in painful relief. It was all she could do to try and make it to a grassy spot where she could squat and go, but her body couldn't even get that far. And the logs she was passing were far wider than human turds.

If anyone had heard the noise Jennifer made when her ass expanded to let the first piece of poop force its way through, they would only assume she was being screwed from behind by something massive. Her eyes rolled backwards, her mouth dropped open and drool dripped from her lips as it squeezed out of her and into the seat of her stretching pants. Once the thickest part was through her tight ring, there was nothing she could do to stop it, and the rest rushed out in seconds. It was hot and heavy, as thick as a human wrist.

The second part was even thicker, somehow, and it was around then that her bladder completely let go. Jennifer hadn't even realised that she had to piss, but as she stood there filling her pants with giant-sized craps, she felt her pussy turn warm and wet all of a sudden. A quick glance down confirmed that she was wetting herself. Jennifer did her best to shut her sphincter. She managed to stem the flow... for a second. Then another piece of poop started pushing itself out of her, and she lost control of the enormous load of pee once again.

It was only then that Jennifer Walters finally, truly gave up. She was a professional lawyer, highly respected, and somehow she had found herself standing behind a Sokovian gas station, filling her pants with shit while her pussy simultaneously soaked them with hot piss. And she was completely powerless to stop it. It was ironic, a voice in the back of her head screamed, that she could take down twenty men at once with ease but was so eagerly defeated by her own human need to use the toilet.

When she was empty, Jennifer stripped off her bottom half and started to grab handfuls of grass to rub the shit off of her thighs.

————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————

By virtue of being the first to get out of the car, Kate Bishop somehow managed to stagger into the toilet cubicle before a line could form. She was in agony as the door locked behind her. Kate knew that there was no way she'd have been able to hold it if she'd had to wait outside, but there was too much baggage for her to dare to rush to the front. That would just be too embarrassing, so Kate was enormously relieved when nobody made any late moves to overtake her and she was allowed to get in first.

Kate was turtleheading by the time she'd finished locking the door behind her. Bouncing up and down on the balls of her feet, she started to fumble with her buttons, struggling to undo the civilian jeans she wasn't used to wearing. They were tighter than she'd have preferred, with Fury and his team needing to find regular clothes as well as superhero getups for all of them at short notice. Kate needed to bend over at the waist and breathe in to try and create the space needed to get the button off, and by the time she finally managed it, she was within seconds of losing control.

In a flash, those jeans were down around her knees, followed closely by her underwear. Later she would find a pale brown stain in the seat of the pants, but she was too frantic to notice that now. Instead Kate took a few awkward steps to the toilet, span and sat down with seconds to spare. Right away a rush of pee started to flood out of her, hissing into the water below so loudly that she didn't doubt the others outside could hear it.

At the same time, the thick mass inside of her finally started to shift downwards, no longer being held back by her weakening muscles. It felt big enough to tear her open, pushing out forcefully. She doubted she could stop it if she tried.

It slid out a couple of inches- and then stopped. Kate groaned in pain. She screwed up her face and pushed, and found that nothing happened. She pushed again and shifted the log a centimetre more, but as soon as she relaxed it was sucked right back up into her again. Kate grimaced, grabbed the side rail to steady herself and tried to catch her breath.

She supposed she should have seen this coming. What with the problems she'd been having for so long with constipation, it was just her luck to get blocked up again just as she thought she wasn't even going to make it to the bathroom in time. And to make matters worse, she knew that there were people waiting outside who needed to go almost as bad as she had. Kate couldn't stand the thought that she might be the cause of an accident. The embarrassment would be far too much. So she bore down again and pushed.

Whatever she tried, though, no matter how intensely she pushed, nothing seemed to be working for Kate. She squeezed the railing even tighter with her right hand, her face flushing a deep, dark red. She put every ounce of effort she possessed into pushing. In that instant, Kate Bishop was using more concentration than she'd ever needed to during her time as Hawkeye. And yet nothing came of it. At most, the turd emerged a couple more millimetres, only to disappear back up her hole when she dared to relax for even a few seconds. It was thoroughly stuck inside.

The next time she pushed, Kate couldn't stop the noises from escaping. Usually she hated the grunting and groaning that sometimes came with forcing out a particularly difficult poop, but at times like these there was nothing else for it. She used all of her energy to try and force her muscles to push it out of her and, lost in the pain, a low grunt gurgled from her throat. The volume made her wince. There was no way the girls outside couldn't hear her, and that was the last thing she needed. They would surely figure out exactly what was going on in this tiny, cramped cubicle.

Right on cue, a knock came at the door, more weak and desperate than frantic. A second later, Shuri's voice followed from outside.

"Kate, are you okay?". A silent pause. "Could... could you try and hurry up?"

Kate felt her face flush red with humiliation. "Sorry," she replied meekly. Hawkeye never said anything meekly, usually. She felt unworthy of the name as she awaited their response, trying her best to get the log out of her. Kate tried to spread her legs wide, holding her cheeks open with the seat to try and maximise the size of the gap her hole was making. It was no good.

"Is everything okay?" Shuri asked, clearly concerned by the emotion in Kate's voice. That only made things worse. Pressure was just about the worst thing imaginable for Kate when she was blocked up. But she knew Shuri was only trying to be nice, so she replied.

"Yes, it's okay," she said, hoping the strain wasn't too obvious in her voice. "Just a minute," she lied.

"Okay, please hurry," Shuri said. The urgency was thick in her tone.

Kate knew she couldn't be the reason why one of her new colleagues had an accident. One more time, she scrunched up her face, gripped the rail so tight her knuckles turned as white as it was, and started to push.

———————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————

On the other side of that thin door, Kamala Khan wasn't fairing much better. She was doubled over in pain, barely able to think of things to say, or to articulate the words. Every square inch of effort that she still had to give was focussed on keeping her insides inside, and with every passing moment that was beginning to look like more and more of an impossible task. She watched on helplessly while Shuri pleaded with Kate to hurry up, but couldn't bring herself to join in the pandemonium. Being desperate to go was enough for Kamala to worry about without trying to also pressure her friend into hurting herself.

The only saving grace, if it could be called that, was that she didn't have to pee anymore. She'd emptied her bladder less than an hour ago, back at the house they'd searched, and since then the urge to go from that end had stayed blissfully away. But holding in pee had never been that bad for Kamala, at least not compared to trying to stop things from coming out the other end. Still, no doubt, needing to pee would have only made an already terrible situation even worse.

Nonetheless, she stood there squirming, trying to take her mind off of the urgency by wondering what the others were doing. Jennifer had immediately muttered something about stretching her legs and charged off around a corner, though Kamala was pretty sure she knew where the woman was really going. She almost wished she'd been bold enough herself to follow. It could be her around there by now, getting some relief and leaving a huge, steaming pile behind her. Instead she was here, cursing her indecisiveness and trying not to empty that pile into her underwear. It was a battle she was on the verge of losing.

Contrary to what a lot of people assumed, Kamala's powers were a long way from helpful when it came to holding in her poop. She was elastic, in many ways, which was a double-edged sword. Her bladder could stretch much further than the average human, although even that had its limits- and Kamala drank so much soda and juice that it cancelled out her larger capacity. When it came to her colon, though, she was at a disadvantage when compared to many of her colleagues. Her butt could stretch far wider and more readily than most people. That meant there was less resistance stopping the biggest poops (which Kamala's often were) from coming out.

Over time she'd experimented with plenty of holding methods and found that none of them worked. Squirming and dancing on the spot did a little to help, but crossing her stretchy legs only went so far, and sitting on her heel was more uncomfortable than useful. Alone, Kamala could buy herself some time by using her strong hands to physically hold her buttcheeks closed. There was no way she would do that in front of Carol, Jennifer and Pepper, though.

Another fart slipped out, and Kamala almost gasped aloud in surprise. She'd been leaking air like a sieve for the last few minutes, and each time they were getting worse and worse. Recently her farts had grown completely silent, which was always a bad sign. These ones meant that the poop was closer than ever to escaping- and they always smelt the worst. There was no way someone with senses as heightened as Shuri wouldn't notice what Kamala was doing. She had to rely on the fact that the Panther was just as bursting as she was, and hopefully wouldn't be able to tell which farts belonged to which woman.

"How are you doing?" Shuri asked, and for a moment Kamala didn't even realise she was being spoken to. She'd grown too caught up in the desperation, in trying her best to hang in there. When she looked up and saw that Shuri was looking concerned, Kamala answered.

"It's real bad. I don't think I can make it," she groaned, feeling more gas leak out of her butt. Kamala knew how it felt to be seconds away from messing her pants, and she was most certainly at that stage now.

"We have to try," Shuri insisted, her eyes determined, "it might not be too long now". The girl went to knock on the bathroom door again, but Kamala reached out with an arm stretching ten feet long and blocked.

"She'll be quicker if we leave her alone," Kamala whispered, "I hope".

Shuri thought about this for a second, then nodded reluctantly. Kamala almost hadn't noticed that the Wakandan looked just as desperate as she was, although they were both showing it in very different ways. While Kamala couldn't stay still, wriggling and writhing like a belly dancer, the Queen stood like a statue. Kamala wondered how many times Shuri had had to stand like that on royal duty, doing her best to look composed and calm while her insides were churning and causing her agony.

The worst cramp yet hit Kamala's belly and she had to fight the urge to crouch down. She knew that sinking to the floor would open up all the passageways she'd been trying to keep closed, and that would be the end of it.

"And what if she isn't?" Shuri asked, eyes panicked.

Kamala shook her head. "I don't even want to think about it".

Shuri felt the time she had left ticking away like a clock in her colon. She knew exactly how it felt to be on the verge of pooping in her clothes and that was where she was now. If she moved too suddenly, or in the wrong way, it would be game over. As she stood there, watching the cold, unmoving bathroom door, it took every bit of effort Shuri had to keep everything inside of her. And for her, the Black Panther, the head of the most technologically advanced country on earth, that was a whole lot of effort.

She was experiencing a sensation that was far more familiar than most of her subjects would ever have guessed- a thick log poking out of her, into her underwear. I have a tail, she thought sullenly, perhaps I am more panther than I realised. It was killer uncomfortable, and firm too, and it felt as though it might break off into her clothes if she were to move in the wrong way. She'd been in this kind of shape before, sometimes in meetings, sometimes standing on the steps of her palace... sometimes at weddings, even. It was far from fun.

It was particularly difficult for her to understand what was taking so long because the diets people held in Wakanda rarely resulted in people getting blocked up. Shuri herself could probably count on one hand the number of times she'd really struggled to poop. There they ate organically, for the most part, and there had been no such thing as western fast food until a few years ago, when her brother had opened the nation up to the rest of the world. Since then she'd tasted a few different brands, but nothing bad enough to upset her stomach like this.

When she asked Kate if she was okay one more time, driven more by desperation than anything else, the archer had finally been forced to offer up at least some of the truth. She told the two girls waiting outside that she had medical issues, which could make her constipated sometimes for weeks at a time, and that there didn't seem to be anything she could do about it save for swallow a bunch of laxatives and hope for the best. The whole explanation was delivered in a strained, grunting voice. That gave Shuri a little more sympathy, so she tried her best to go back to waiting. Unfortunately, that didn't change the fact that she was only getting more bursting with every passing minute.

Shuri could feel the log inching out of her. She did her best to stop the movement, but by now it had become a force of nature too powerful even for her iron will. It slid down slowly, but surely, like an iceberg drifting towards a ship. There was nothing more she could do to anchor it. The Black Panther opened her mouth to say something to Kamala and found that no words came out.

At the instant her muscles gave in, Shuri knew that her only option left was to stand there and let it happen. She turned her face away from the others to hide the shame in her eyes. Her hole, usually tight and clean, started to expand to let the mess inside of her pass through. It stretched to a size she would once have considered impossible, and the first log followed. For the first few moments it crept slowly, held back by sheer width more than anything... then the thickest part escaped her and the rest quickly followed, falling into her underwear and nestling there between her legs.

With the largest piece out, and her muscles exhausted, Shuri was powerless to stop what followed. The next piece of poop wasn't so thick, but it may have been even longer than the first. Another practically fell out, but still Shuri felt full and bloated, almost to a painful extent. She shut her eyes and pushed, just wanting it to be over with now. When a final log came out and squished against her butt, she felt like she was done at last.

That was when Shuri made the mistake of opening her eyes and catching a glimpse of herself in the reflective window of a nearby car. The bulge in the seat of her pants was almost comically big. There was no way it wouldn't be obvious to anyone who saw her that she'd pooped herself, just as it was obvious to Carol Danvers and Pepper Potts, who were watching from a distance, faces wearing a mixture of sympathy and worry that the same thing might happen to them.

To add insult to injury, Shuri farted then. She couldn't seem to stop it. But they all heard it.

That was enough to panic Kamala into action. She turned to the locked bathroom door and hammered on it with both fists, legs twisted in some mad, elastic pretzel shape.

"Kate, open up!" she pleaded, "come on, man, I'm gonna crap myself out here!"

Shuri watched on miserably. She took no pleasure in seeing the same thing that had happened to her also inflicted on her friend.

"Kate, please! It's coming out!" The edge in Kamala's voice wasn't like anything any of them had heard from this usually relaxed woman before.

Kate opened the door. Shuri got a glimpse of her standing there, jeans around her ankles, before she hauled Kamala inside and slammed it again, leaving the Queen of Wakanda alone in underwear caked with poop.

———————————————————————————————————————————

Pepper Potts needed a miracle. She'd just seen Shuri lose control in the most humiliating way imaginable, and she knew that the same was about to happen to her. And to Carol, too, by the looks of things. She knew she should go over to Shuri, comfort her, maybe even apologise- but Pepper couldn't bring herself to do it. Something in the back of her brain told her that she was sure to lose control if she got too close. The smells, the sights, something would trigger her body to just let go, and then there would be no coming back.

Still, it wasn't like the other option was much better. Standing still felt now like it was no more than prolonging the inevitable. Both women watched, wide-eyed, as the bathroom door half-opened. For a brief moment Pepper thought that they were one person closer to relief- and surely the other women wouldn't take as long as Kate had. Then a hand appeared around the door and yanked Kamala inside. It slammed shut again, taking any last hope Pepper had with it. The sound of the latch shutting almost finished her off. She needed to use her hands to reach behind herself and hold it in, cheeks burning like some little kid.

Her belly cramped in a sudden, sickening twist, and Pepper couldn't stop one of the loudest farts she'd ever heard from escaping. She grimaced at the feeling- it vibrated out of her and against her pants, turning the head of a shocked Carol. There was more solid matter to follow, she knew. The smell hit her suddenly and both women almost recoiled. It was worse than she could have imagined, and only the tip of the iceberg. Pepper felt sick. She had no more than a few seconds left.

Out of nowhere, suddenly Jennifer Walters was in front of them. She looked remarkably small in her human form, though Pepper knew she was still taller than the average woman. Her face, instead of green, was flushed a deep red. It looked, Pepper thought, as though she'd just run a mile.

"Come with me," Jennifer said, taking Pepper and Carol by the wrist with one hand on each.

Before either woman could protest, Jennifer was leading them back the way she'd come, around the corner and out of sight of poor Shuri. Pepper knew exactly where they were going.

It didn't take them long at all to find the spot where Jennifer had squatted. The huge, hulk-sized pile of poop on the floor was a dead giveaway. It was bigger than Pepper ever would have believed had she not seen it with her own eyes- made up of four or five enormous pieces, it looked more like it had come from an elephant than a human. No wonder she had to go so bad. I couldn't hold half of that for half as long. Jennifer took them to a place just past there and let go of their arms.

"Here," she said, gesturing at the ground as if Carol and Pepper couldn't figure out what she meant. "I'll keep watch". When neither of them responded, she hissed, "what other choice do you have?"

Pepper felt uneasy about it despite how desperate she was. She knew that she would have to go somewhere, but in front of Carol? That was a big deal. Jennifer, though, wasn't letting up. "Come on, just do it," she ordered, "nobody will see. It's better than crapping yourself".

That point was true. The two options were weighing up against each other in Pepper's mind. Either she could try and hold it, almost certainly ending up messing herself, or swallow her pride and do something intensely personal in a public place, in view of one of the most famous women in the galaxy.

In the end Pepper's body made up her mind for her. She couldn't hold it anymore- she had to go now. So she hastily unbuttoned her pants and squatted, unable to bear it a second longer. As soon as her legs were bent all the way, passages opened up and she started to poop. It rushed out of her in a thick, doughy mass, feeling at once terribly humiliating and incredibly good. Opposite her, Carol Danvers seemed to have reached the same conclusion. Her pants came down just as fast, and within seconds she was squatting over the ground with a long brown snake dangling out of her butt.

On another day, when she wasn't so overcome with exhaustion and worry and pressure, Pepper might have thought it was stranger to find herself squatting in the grass opposite one of the most powerful superheroes in existence, taking a crap while a female Hulk kept guard. Today she was just too relieved to care.

When she was almost done, Pepper started to look around and realised that there was a problem she hadn't seen coming: there was nothing to wipe with. That was just the latest in a long line of low blows. She groaned and looked at Carol.

"What's up?"

"No paper," Pepper said, "fuck".

Before Carol could respond, Jennifer returned, holding a pile of leaves in one hand. "This will have to do," she said. Then she caught sight of the expression on Carol's face. "What? It works fine for me".

——————————————————————————————————————————————

The bathroom door closed and Kamala's eyes had to readjust to the dim light in here. There was a bulb overhead, but it was weak to say the least in comparison to the bright sun outside. There was no time for Kamala to waste on that, though. She started to battle with her button right away, feeling it slip through her sweaty fingers the first few times. It wasn't that warm outside- Sokovia rarely was- but her intense desperation had made the girl perspire. When she eventually got the button undone, Kamala looked up for the first time and realised just how dire the situation was.

It looked like being allowed in the bathroom didn't actually mean Kamala could get on the toilet- not yet, at least. Kate was slowly waddling back from the door to the white porcelain, and to Kamala's shock, she saw something brown and long sticking out of the archer's butt. It looked to be poking out by at least a couple of inches, and was thicker than any poop she'd ever done herself. Kamala froze at the sight- was this why Kate was taking so long? She was trying to force that out of her?

Kamala got her button undone and let her jeans fall to the floor. Then she lowered her underwear so that they stretched around her knees, and kept on squirming, doing her best to hold it in just a little longer. She must have been some sight, standing there half-naked with her hands squeezing her cheeks closed. It was no good- she was already starting to stretch.

Thinking on her feet, Kamala hopped up onto the sink in the bathroom, using her strength to easily lift herself onto the counter. Within seconds she was in position. She'd always been more than a little chubby, so her olive-skinned butt was ample enough to cover the sink. And that was all it took. She didn't need to strain, push or squeeze. Kamala took her seat and her body took over. She started shitting uncontrollably, depositing log after log into the sink. The big problem was that the sink wasn't deep enough, and after a few seconds she could feel the heat from the pile below. Kamala used her hands to prop herself a couple of inches higher, and that seemed to do enough to keep the brown stains off her cheeks for now.

Despite the shame (and maybe the questionable legality) of it all, Kamala had to admit to herself that it felt good to finally go. She'd been sure that she wasn't going to make it. And while, sure enough, there was a clear brown mark on the inside of her underwear, this was so much better than losing control completely and filling her pants again. At some point, though she wasn't sure when, Kamala started to pee. It trickled down her labia and dribbled onto the mess below before washing down the drain.

Once the intense relief had subsided a little, Kamala finally got a proper look at Kate over in the corner. The girl looked to be in some pain, face contorted with effort. Now the only sounds in the room were of Kate grunting with each push, as well as the occasional soft fart tooting out of Kamala's butt. Judging by the size of the turd Kamala had just seen sticking out of her colleague, it was no surprise that it was taking so much out of her.

"You got this," Kamala said, trying to help. Apparently her words weren't so appreciated, and Kate acted like she hadn't heard.

Kamala hopped down off the sink and slowly crossed the room, trying not to startle Kate. She reached over to grab a few sheets of paper. Wiping standing up was something she was plenty used to. Still, she didn't want to hang around for too long and make Kate uncomfortable, so she didn't bother cleaning herself up all the way. Once the paper was coming away mostly clean, Kamala was satisfied enough to pull up her panties and jeans. She left the soiled paper on an awkward pile on top of the monster poop she'd been forced to do in the sink. She felt bad for leaving that mess there for someone else to clean up, but she didn't see what other option she had; they were on a mission and didn't want anyone who recognised them finding out they'd been there, so leaving soon was essential.

Just as Kamala was about to leave, a loud splash from behind turned her head. She looked to see Kate panting for breath, face as red as a tomato. The archer swore under her breath.

"You get it out?" Kamala asked, one hand already on the doorknob.

Kate needed a few seconds to catch her breath before she answered. "Yeah," she said, "I'll see you in a minute".

Pleased for her colleague, at least, Kamala left the room again, wondering what she'd find on the other side of the door.

————————————————————————————————————————————————————

It felt like an age had passed by the time Kate finally emerged from the bathroom, red-faced and out of breath. She seemed reluctant to make eye contact with anyone, walking past them all and back to the car without saying a word. Her secrecy was for nothing; by now, everyone knew what had been going on in that room, not least because she'd needed almost fifteen minutes to take a dump. It didn't take a genius to work out that Kate had some issues with constipation even if Pepper hadn't told Carol and Jennifer- and Kamala hadn't told Shuri.

Shuri herself was despondent. After filling her pants in front of everyone, the Queen of Wakanda had waddled to the trunk of the car and extracted some new clothes from one of her few bags. She'd had to wait until the bathroom was vacant before she could get changed, which meant five minutes or so of standing outside with a bulge the size of Antarctica in her underwear. When she had come back out, the dirty clothes were nowhere to be seen. She only carried a look of humiliation and a refusal to talk to anyone about what had happened.

One person who seemed less fazed by the events of the pit stop was Kamala Khan. Once she'd evacuated her bowels into the sink, her cheery self had quickly returned. She'd even asked Pepper if she should clean up the bathroom, but the ex-secretary was determined to get away as fast as possible to minimise the risk that someone might recognise them. Since then Kamala had been trying to lighten the mood with varying degrees of success. Shuri and Kate didn't seem in the mood to listen to any of her attempts to make conversation, and it felt like they wouldn't be ready to smile again for a while after their ordeal.

In fact, the only other member of the team who had gotten over the events as quickly as Kamala was Jennifer. By now it was an open secret that she had pooped around the back of the gas station, and Kamala suspected that the other two adults had seen Jennifer's handy work in the flesh. Now the lawyer was back in character, answering every question with a curt brevity and adjusting her hair to look smart in the car's mirror. Her skin, though, remained perfectly far from green.

Kamala was perched on the right side of the vehicle, directly behind her idol. It was still surreal. Carol had been desperate to use the bathroom, although she was probably better at hiding it than any of them. Then she'd disappeared behind the building with Jennifer and come back a few minutes later obviously not wanting to go anymore. Kamala didn't need to ask to know what that meant. Still, she could tell that it embarrassed Carol that everyone knew what she'd done, so Kamala didn't bring it up. She was happy to let her role model pretend it was still some big secret. Personally, Kamala didn't see the point in denying it.

The last person left in the car was Pepper, sitting behind the driving seat and apparently operating on dangerously low levels of sleep. She'd gone with Carol and Jennifer to relieve herself behind the building. Kamala could only imagine what that must have been like- not that going in the sink was much better. Still, she told herself, the bright side was that they'd all gone through this mortifying experience as a team. It left no room for any one person to feel ashamed, at least in theory.

With the six of them piled into the car S.H.I.E.L.D. had supplied, it felt suddenly more cramped than before. Still, everyone was relieved to see the gas station disappear out of sight in the rear window, and with it (hopefully) the prospect of being caught. Some poor bastard was going to have to wash Kamala's poop out of the sink, but that wasn't going to be her problem anymore, and that bought her a strange mixture of shame and happiness. The atmosphere in the car was notably lighter as they left. Pepper even put the radio on, and an assortment of Sokovian songs were allowed to make Kamala's ears bleed for the next twenty minutes.

The music was shut off as they passed a roundabout and replaced by the sound of a phone ringing. Pepper sat up a little straighter in her seat. She pressed a button on the dashboard and the ringing made way for a man's voice. It took a few seconds for Kamala to recognise the voice as belonging to Nick Fury, a man she'd met only days ago but knew by word of mouth.

"Nick," Pepper said eagerly, "what's up?"

"I have good news," Fury said. His voice was no more excited than if he was reporting that he'd broken a toenail.

"Tell me. Do you know where she is?"

"No," the ex-Director admitted, "but there's someone here who might".

By the time Kamala woke up, the car was coming to a stop and it was starting to get dark outside. At a guess she must have been asleep for a good few hours. She'd never had trouble drifting off in a moving vehicle, but it was especially easy after the exhaustion of the day so far. Kamala opened her eyes to find everyone else already awake, although she remembered that Shuri had been asleep before any of them. The girl had been nothing but quiet since the gas station incident. It looked like they'd finally reached their destination

Fury's conversation with Pepper over the car's speakers left no room for doubt as to where the team were going next. He'd gotten information that a girl matching Morgan's description had been spotted in Wakanda that morning, so S.H.I.E.L.D. had arranged for a small plane to pick up the six women at a private airstrip a few hours south of the city. Even news that they were going to her home country hadn't managed to cheer up Shuri yet. Looking at the airfield, with its drab grey colours and featureless flat ground, Kamala didn't think the takeoff would be much fun either.

They left the car by the roadside and gathered so Pepper could talk. "Okay," she said, "I've been in one of these planes before, and let me tell you, there's no bathroom on that thing. If you need to go, I really recommend you do it now, before we take off. It's going to be a long flight".

Another place that apparently had no bathroom was the airfield. In fact, there didn't seem to be any buildings at all as far as the eye could see, just a few bushes scattered a couple of hundred yards away in most every direction. Kamala wasn't happy at all about the prospect of going the whole flight without a bathroom, but she didn't see what choice she had, so she slinked off towards one of the bushes. Kate and Jennifer both went in separate directions, and it took Kamala a few moments to realise that Shuri was following her.

"You okay?" she asked tentatively. It felt like a long time since the two had last spoken, although that was mostly because they'd been sleeping for a few hours.

Shuri didn't make eye contact. "I'll be fine," she insisted. "I'm not thrilled about the lack of toilets on the plane, that's all".

Kamala sighed. "Nah, me neither," she admitted. She rounded one bush and found herself out of sight of the others, but she didn't mind Shuri's presence. "I guess we have to just try and get it all out now, so we don't have to go while we're in the air".

As she finished the sentence, Kamala was already unbuttoning her jeans and pulling her underwear out of the way. She squatted down over dewy grass as Shuri followed suit. It would be an exaggeration to say that either woman really needed to go, so it took a few moments before a flow started from either of them. Eventually, it was Kamala who got started first, and her success seemed to help Shuri relax. They both squatted there in silence for a while, the only sound being of two streams of pee flowing into the grass in the dusk.

Once she'd got going, Kamala realised she actually had quite a lot of urine stored up inside her. That was one of the side effects of her powers- her bladder could stretch enough that it felt like she was less full than she actually was. Shuri had no such problem, and was already pushing out the last few drops by the time Kamala's hosepipe-stream really got going. The Queen said nothing, but Kamala saw her eyes go wide as she kept pissing for one minute, then two. She would be lying if she said it wasn't at all satisfying to see someone so impressed with her capacity.

Kamala had totally forgotten to bring anything to wipe with, so she pulled her sleeve over her hand and brushed it over her crotch a few times. It wasn't perfect, but it would do. Shuri didn't wipe at all. It made Kamala nervous to know that she might have just had her last pee until they touched down in Wakanda. She was no expert in geography, but it was surely the better part of the whole night before they reached Shuri's home country. It felt unlikely that all of them could hold it so long.

—————————————————————————————————————————————

A few hours into the flight, Kamala's fears were starting to come true. As she'd predicted, her bladder had begun to fill up pretty quickly after take off, weakened notably by the excruciating hold from earlier in the day. Just as that day turned into a night, she was once again seriously doubting in her own ability to hold her pee until she made it to the bathroom.

Kamala shifted uncomfortably in her seat, trying to find a position that might help her ignore how badly she had to go. The good news was that she knew now that she didn't have the smallest bladder of the group, and so it stood to reason that she couldn't be the only one who had to go to the bathroom by now. She wasn't in it alone. Subtly, Kamala liked to steal glances at the others, to try and see which of them were showing signs of needing to go. It made her feel much better.

First she looked to Pepper, but there was no indication there that the leader had to go. Kamala had no idea if that was because her bladder really was comfortable or if Pepper was just getting very good at hiding it when she had to pee. It could easily be both, given the exploits of that afternoon, when the former Miss Potts had simultaneously held in a huge amount of pee while making it look like she barely had to go at all. In a way it was impressive, but Kamala couldn't imagine ever being like that herself. She was an open book: when she needed the bathroom she wasn't shy about letting the people around her know, and she liked it that way.

One person who Kamala could relate to a little more was Carol Danvers, but again, if the superhero had to pee she wasn't showing it. Carol had been her usual self for most of the flight, which was ironic given how much quicker she could have made the journey if she'd just flown to Wakanda herself. It was strange to see this incredibly powerful woman being restricted by the simple fact that her teammates hadn't mastered the powers of flight.

The first sign that someone on the plane other than Kamala had to take a leak came with Kate. It wasn't always easy to tell with Kate- none of Kamala's teammates were exactly open, but the archer was maybe the most guarded of all of them. But the giveaway, as Kamala had come to notice over the last few days, came in crossed legs. Kate was a tomboy who would usually never be seen dead with her legs crossed girlishly, but when she needed to pee all of that was forgotten. And Kate was crossing her legs now. She was crossing them very tightly.

On the other hand, Jennifer Walters seemed perfectly happy with the contents of her own bladder. Keeping Jennifer happy really was the main priority for most of the group, given that they weren't completely sure how the plane would react if she suddenly tripled in weight. She'd barely said a word all flight- nothing strange about that. No, Kamala decided, Jennifer didn't have to go yet.

But Shuri did. Kamala was sure of that much. The only thing missing was some sort of verbal confirmation from the girl herself, and that would be impossible to get while Pepper and Carol were in earshot. The Queen of Wakanda wasn't crossing her legs so much as sitting on top of them, heel dug tightly into her pussy as if to keep the flow from coming out. Kamala would have thought it looked almost cute in other circumstances, but she didn't think now was a good time to start complimenting her new friends on how adorable they looked when they had to pee. Especially not when those friends could all kill most men within thirty seconds.

The big problem Kamala was worrying about wasn't her bladder at all. It was her bowels. Despite what she'd left in the gas station bathroom sink a few hours before, she needed to shit again. That would be worse than wetting her pants, for sure- at least in a vessel with no windows.

—————————————————————————————————————————————————

Shuri was getting worried by the time the plane finished crossing the Alboran Sea and entered African airspace. Touchdown in Wakanda was still almost two hours away, and her chances of being able to hold it until then were looking less than good. She knew the limits of her own body, and the fullness in her bladder was approaching those limits fast. If the journey was half as long... that would still be painful, and difficult, but at least she'd stand a chance of making it. Time was running out. Shuri knew she was going to have to do something.

But whatever that something was, she was determined that it wouldn't involve admitting her need to Pepper or Carol. The embarrassment of her accident earlier that day at the gas station had been too awful to face going through a second time, and admitting she had to go would almost be as humiliating as losing it in her pants, at least in Shuri's mind. She'd never felt less like the Black Panther, or the Queen either, as she sat there quietly, trying to work out how she could pee without anyone else finding out. Surely someone with her genius could figure out something?

The idea came to her eventually, as she'd known it would. While the other women sat and gazed out of the windows, too tired for conversation, Shuri extracted from one pocket the cellphone S.H.I.E.L.D. had given her ahead of the mission. All six agents had been equipped with these should they need to split up for long periods, which fortunately- or unfortunately, in Shuri's case- hadn't happened yet. These were no ordinary phones- they were extremely advanced, extremely secure and able to get a signal just about anywhere. They were also programmed so that S.H.I.E.L.D. could read just about everything the agents said to each other. Anything Shuri texted her teammates could be seen by S.H.I.E.L.D. at any time. Unless...

Fury must have known that Shuri would be able to hack the phones when he gave her one- he was well aware of the Wakandan's intellectual capabilities. But he'd trusted that there'd be no reason for her to tamper with the software. Now that she had the motivation, it took Shuri a matter of minutes to find a way to hide her messages from their view. After a few seconds thinking it over, she tapped into Kate and Kamala's phones and did the same to them. All the while she was careful to make her actions imperceptible to S.H.I.E.L.D.'s supervisors. The whole thing took her five minutes.

"Western technology, never change," she whispered under her breath.

In no time she had a three-way text conversation set up with Kate and Kamala. Being at least close to her own age, they felt like the safest ones to talk to- and besides, they'd somewhat shared an embarrassing experience together back at the gas station (even if it had ended up being far more embarrassing for Shuri than for them).

This is kind of awkward, but I really have to pee. Anyone else?

That was the message her instincts came up with, and when Shuri realised she couldn't think of a better way to sum up how she was feeling at that moment, she pressed send. Kamala was sitting so close that Shuri could almost hear her phone vibrate through her pocket; the Jersey girl looked confused as she slid it out and checked the screen. On the seat in front of Kamala, Kate Bishop was doing the same. Their expressions didn't give much away, at least not to Shuri.

It occurred to her that they, too, might have been concerned about the possibility of S.H.I.E.L.D. reading the messages. To put their mind at ease, Shuri sent another text.

I've blocked the phone signals. The only people that can read this are the three of us.

Kate looked up at her and raised an eyebrow. Then she hammered out a message.

Pissing off Fury isn't going to end well.

He won't find out, Shuri wrote, I know what I'm doing.

Across the aisle, Kamala was typing out a message. None of the adults seemed to have noticed what was going on behind them.

Have to pee too, Kamala's message read, real bad. What kind of plane doesn't have a bathroom? It's 2026.

Shuri had figured that Kamala would probably need to go by now, but looking up at the other girl, she saw it with her own eyes. Now that she was watching, Shuri didn't know how she hadn't noticed it before now: Kamala had her bendy legs crossed over one another and she couldn't sit still, readjusting her position every few seconds and tapping one set of stretched toes on the floor of the aircraft. She looked almost as worried as Shuri.

Kate started typing something, paused, carried on typing. It took a while for the message to come through. Then:

Me too, she confessed. Things had to be bad if even Kate was admitting she needed the toilet, Shuri thought. The only good news was that an idea was starting to formulate in her head. It was risky, and probably more than a little stupid, but desperate times called for desperate measures, and these were desperate times. But first she'd need to get the other two girls on board.

Don't worry, Shuri wrote, I have a plan.

—————————————————————————————————————————

It took Shuri a few minutes to go through the plan, and a few minutes more before everyone was ready. What she'd come up with was a risk, true, and there were plenty of things that could go wrong. It relied on Kate being able to keep her composure- and control over her bladder. But the plan also hinged on Shuri's own agility, quick thinking and calm presence. The only person who didn't have a job to do was Kamala. She only needed to sit still, stay quiet and not give anything away. That seemed to suit her just fine.

By the time the three girls agreed to get to work, all of them were bursting to pee. Shuri, in particular, wasn't sure how much longer she could hold it, especially with the physical nature of her role in the plan. Kamala had grow even more squirmy and even Kate looked like she was on the verge of holding herself. If any of them let go and wet their pants before the time to pee was ripe, the whole operation could be blown. It was insane, but Shuri had put more planning into the mission to finally help herself and her friends pee in peace than she had into the mission to find Morgan. On that front she still felt largely useless.

Kate rose from her seat as soon as she read the texted signal from Shuri. She frowned, tilted her head and started moving towards the cockpit. "Can anyone else hear that?", she asked loudly.

That was Kamala and Shuri's cue to pretend to be asleep, a role they were both happy to play. Shuri heard Carol and Pepper getting up to follow Kate into the cockpit, though she couldn't tell if either looked back at the other girls.

Slowly, Shuri opened one eye just enough to see two tall figures disappear into the cockpit, then she sprung into action. Moving silently in tight spaces was nothing to her. Nobody heard as Shuri leapt down from her seat and moved down the aisle towards the back of the plane. There she found the hatch that Kamala had spotted earlier- their whole plan was dependent on this being the entrance to the luggage compartment, as they suspected. All three girls had been too busy peeing in the field to notice where their suitcases had actually been put on the plane.

With a single thought, claws sprung from her hands. Shuri had mastered the technological dance of controlling exactly which parts of her Panther suit were activated and when, and she'd learned to materialise just her claws when she needed to- in moments like these. It wasn't hard to pry the hatch open. To her immense relief, when it cracked ajar the first thing Shuri saw was a pile of suitcases, one of which she recognised as her own. She opened the hatch just enough to squeeze through and dropped down into the compartment.

Here it was airy, cold, quiet. Shuri had no time to waste, for more than one reason. She lifted her bag out of the way, looking for Kamala's. It wasn't hard to find, coloured red and blue in the exact shades of Carol's costume. Shuri couldn't help laughing as she unzipped the bag; Kamala could be such a dork.

Inside she found plenty of stuff that didn't help, though some of it surprised her: painkillers, large tampons, birth control pills, Juicy Fruit gum, underwear... and the thing she was looking for, a thick, dark blue towel. Kamala had volunteered her own as the biggest of the three.

A sudden bout of turbulence almost cost Shuri her bladder control. She groaned and a hand shot to her pussy, holding tightly. For those few seconds her fingers and the force of her palm digging into the fleshy mound were the only things stopping her from simply pissing herself where she was squatting. Her thighs locked together so hard and fast that it almost hurt. Shuri closed her eyes and waited for the wave of desperation to pass. For a moment it seemed like it would not pass. Just when she'd accepted that she was going to soak her clothes again, though, Shuri's muscles regained control at the last moment and she was able to take the towel out and zip the bag back up.

Back on the plane's passenger floor, there was still no sign of Kate, Carol or Pepper coming back out of the cockpit, for which Shuri was eternally grateful. She replaced the hatch as quietly as she could, stood up and returned to her seat, still holding the towel under one arm. The suitcases had all been replaced exactly as they'd been found, and Shuri felt like a jewel thief as she sat there clutching the one thing she had taken from them.

She was sorely tempted to use the towel first, but Shuri knew that wouldn't be fair. She'd promised Kamala could go first, and the girl looked somehow even more desperate than Shuri was. Besides, it was her towel. She'd volunteered to let two of her colleagues join her in ruining it, maybe for good. It was only fair that she got first dibs. So Shuri leaned over and snuck the towel to Kamala, keeping an eye on the cockpit door all the while. Ms. Marvel accepted with a vocal gratitude.

Kamala already had her jeans unbuttoned when she got a hold of the towel, and within seconds they were shimmied down around her ankles, along with her underwear to match. Shuri wasn't one to stare at other people's bodies, but she still saw plenty of Kamala's plump, olive-skinned butt before decency compelled her to at least pretend to avert her eyes. She needed to know if the plan was working, though, so she kept the corner of her view on what was going on between her friend's legs. The towel was rolled up and tugged snugly between each thigh- and, by the looks of it, just in the nick of time, too.

Almost the instant Kamala shoved the towel between her legs, her head tilted back and her mouth opened up in a silent 'O' of relief... and was there a hint of pleasure in there too? Or was Shuri imagining it? Either way, it was making her own need to go infinitely worse. She thought she could just about hear the trickling flow of pee onto fabric, such was the force of the jet coming from Kamala's bladder.

"Hurry, please," Shuri begged, "I can't wait any longer".

Just as Shuri was starting to think that she'd pee herself before Kamala finished, and at least forty seconds after the Pakistani-American girl had started letting go into the towel, she finally handed it back over to Shuri with an expression of bliss on her face. Kamala was out of breath. Shuri took the soaking wet towel with one hand and unbuttoned her shorts with the other, not at all bothered that she was holding something drenched in Kamala's piss.

She started taking off her shorts and underwear- and then looked up and saw Jennifer Walters staring at them, wide-eyed.

Shuri froze. They were caught.

For a few seconds Jennifer didn't say anything. When she finally moved her lips, what came out was the last thing Shuri had expected to hear.

"Give me that and I won't tell anyone".

Shuri blinked. She couldn't afford to give away her chance at relief... but then she couldn't have the secret being spilled to Pepper, either. With no other option, she reluctantly handed over the towel.

Jennifer undressed just enough, put the towel in position and started to pee. For her part, Shuri hadn't even realised that the lawyer had to go, but she had to have been desperate to have resorted to such measures. The problem was that now Shuri was struggling to hold it in. She was trying everything in her arsenal: grabbing herself down there, squirming, sitting on her heel... but watching Kamala and now Jennifer get the relief they needed while she had to hold was almost too much to take. A leak spurted out of her, turning her crotch hot and wet. Shuri gasped in surprise and squeezed a little tighter. Now Kamala's expression had turned to a mixture of concern for Shuri and amazement at what Jennifer was doing.

It felt like an age before the lawyer finally handed the towel back over to Shuri, the one who'd come up with this panty-saving plan in the first place. "Wow, Kamala," Jennifer whispered, "you really soaked that thing, you know?"

But Shuri was barely listening. She left the towel on the seat next to her, lifted her butt off the chair for just a moment and slid her shorts and underwear down to ankle level in one smooth, short motion. By the time she collapsed back on the seat, it was almost over.

She just barely got the towel between her legs in time. In fact, before she could shove the fabric against her crotch, a long jet of piss sprayed out of Shuri's unshaven pussy and wet the back of the seat in front of her. Then the dark blue was blocking the way, and Shuri was overcome with one of the most incredible feelings of her life so far. She didn't even mind that the towel was wet and warm and smelling of the pee and the pussies of two other women. She only cared that she was finally getting to empty her bladder.

When the stream turned into a dribble, Shuri got out her phone and texted Kate. She'd almost forgotten the poor girl, but now it was time to help her out and complete the deal.

Now, she sent. That was all that was needed. No sooner had the message gone through than Kate called from the cockpit.

"Hey, Shuri?"

"Yes?" Shuri replied, trying to sound like she'd just woken up from a nap.

"Can you get in here, please? I need some help with this".

Shuri redressed herself and left the pissy towel on Kate's seat. Now that Jennifer was in on it there was no reason to keep hiding- she could only hope that the women up front wouldn't smell pee on Shuri. When she got to the cockpit she found all three of the others facing her. Kate was furthest back. She was holding her crotch behind Carol and Pepper's backs, clearly too desperate to let go. Shuri just slipped her a thumbs up.

"I heard a beeping up here, but now we can't find it. You know a little about planes, right?"

"I dabble," Shuri said, letting Kate pass her and head for the seats again, "Thanks, Kate. I'll take it from here".

———————————————————————————————————————————

Kate felt right on the fringes of an accident while she clambered between the rows and back towards where she'd been sitting. Even walking was difficult- every step had the makings of the end of her resistance. There'd been a patch of turbulence just after she'd taken Pepper and Carol into the cockpit that had almost made her wet herself there and then. Luckily, Shuri had arrived just before the game was up to relieve her- literally. If the Queen had been even a minute later, there would no doubt be a puddle of pee on the cockpit floor by now. And that wasn't something Kate wanted to think about.

It looked like the plan had worked exactly as intended. Shuri would pretend to examine the cockpit and be confused for about two minutes. That would just be enough time for Kate to pee into the towel and then get herself dressed again. Then Shuri would act like she'd figured out what had caused the beeping, and tell Pepper that it was something unimportant that only happened once or twice a day. They hadn't been over the specifics of that over text; Shuri was smart enough to think of something.

But Kate started to worry about something other than her throbbing bladder as she got closer to the seats: Jennifer Walters was looking back towards Kamala, and next to the latter was what looked awfully like a pee-soaked towel in Kate's eyes.

"What's that?" Kate asked, feigning ignorance and pointing at the towel. If she pretended like she had no idea what was going on, it seemed unlikely that Kamala wouldn't go along with it.

"No, she knows," Kamala said with a shake of her head.

Jennifer blushed deeply. "I... went in it too. I'm not going to tell".

That was good enough for Kate. She started the hasty undressing process, all too aware that she was likely to piss herself if she didn't get them off in the next ten seconds. From some stroke of luck she managed to get the button undone on the first try, but that was only half the battle. She'd always liked to wear tight-fitting jeans and on days like this it was hard to remember why. Even getting the waistband past her hips was a struggle these days, even if they'd have fit well back when she started the job.

Getting to pee into the towel was the strangest mix of blessed relief and disgust that Kate had ever experienced. Half of her body was screaming at her to stop, that it was beyond wrong to empty her bladder into an already-saturated piece of fabric that three other women had already done the same into. Not to mention that Kamala had probably dried her asscrack with this towel. The other half of Kate's body didn't care about any of those things. Her mind was too happy to finally be able to stop holding it. She didn't much care what the price of pleasure was.

It took a very long time before Kate finally stopped peeing. When that moment came, she collected herself, scrunched the towel up into a ball and handed it back to Kamala. Her only responsibility in the plan was to hide the towel when they were done abusing it- at least until the time came when Shuri could smuggle it back into the luggage compartment. Some of Kamala's stuff was going to smell a little like pee for a while, but that felt like a price worth paying, seeing how much laundry (and humiliation) it had saved.

Kate decided to return the favour by texting Shuri to let her know it was okay to come back into the rest of the plane. Thirty seconds later the former Princess was back, unable to hide a smile. The atmosphere in the back half of the plane was palpably more relaxed now that the quartet were no longer nursing bursting bladders.

Success? Shuri texted the other girls when she returned back to her seat.

Nailed it, replied Kate. She was quietly pumped with how their risky operation had run. Everything had gone smoothly... except for one part.

Do you really think Jennifer will keep a secret?

Yeah, Shuri replied, you didn't see how much she used the towel. She won't tell anyone if we don't.

So it went well!

Uh, guys... Kamala sent, there's one more thing. I really, REALLY have to go number two.

———————————————————————

Kamala was starting to believe that she would make it to the toilet in time, but it was going to be a close call. She'd managed to hold on for what felt like most of the night, mainly by finding ways to distract herself, like playing games over text with Kate and Shuri, or bugging Carol with questions about the Kree or what Fury looked like when he was younger. But that would only work for so long, and Kamala knew that soon enough nature would win out. The only question was whether she would find a Wakandan toilet first.

The good news was that they were finally touching down, after what had been the longest flight of her life in more ways than one. The distance from New York to Sokovia might have been greater, sure, but S.H.I.E.L.D. had managed to source them a much faster, much more comfortable vehicle. Kamala had mostly gotten over her fear of flying, but landings still made her nervous. And being desperate to take a poop was not a good time to feel butterflies in her stomach. All she could do as the ground rapidly approached was look away from the windows and wait for the whole thing to be over.

They were landing on a private strip within easy walking distance of the palace, according to Shuri. Kamala hoped to God that was true, because she thought anything more than easy walking right now would spell the end of her underwear. She was just praying that there wouldn't be too many delays- or too many people around. For now there were still a few hours left before sunrise. She needed a shit, a shower and some sleep. The first one most of all, though.

The journey off of the plane was one of the hardest of Kamala's life, including the battles against literal supervillains. She'd never have guessed that metal stairs could make her need to go so badly. Every step was like a dagger in her gut. They crossed an unnervingly warm airfield and reached the palace before too long, where rooms had been prepared for each of them. Kamala had visited Africa just once before- a trip to Egypt around a year ago- and she'd forgotten how strange it felt to be in a place where the half of the nights were as warm as half of the days in Manhattan.

They were shown to their rooms by a stony-faced guard who treated Shuri like a Queen. Kamala tended to forget that Shuri actually was the Queen. It was hard to see someone as royalty once you'd witnessed them pooping in their panties, Kamala reflected.

"Get some sleep," said Pepper as the women were led towards the rooms, "we need to be rested for the morning". Privately, Kamala got the feeling that Pepper herself wouldn't be getting any sleep at all. She was worried about the woman. Tony Stark's widow had always been this famously beautiful woman, but the last few days she'd looked bedraggled and unkempt, a ghost driven only by anguish and heart-wrenching worry.

Later, Kamala knew, she'd have plenty of time to worry about how her boss might or might not be coping with the continued absence of her daughter. For now Ms. Marvel needed to focus on something far more pressing: her body's need to poop within the next two minutes, whether in a toilet or not. Shuri took her leave on the way, saying she needed to see some of her people. Kamala was too desperate to even say goodnight to Kate when they split up to go into their respective rooms. She passed a motionless guard holding a spear almost as tall as herself, nodded politely and rushed into her salvation.

The door opened up into a gargantuan chamber, far bigger than Kamala could have believed the rooms were from the outside. She glanced around frantically, trying to figure out which door belonged to the bathroom. Her hands clutched her butt closed like she was some kid. The first door was a clothes closet. The second proved to contain what looked like a high-tech vacuum cleaner. Finally, just as she was about to go in her pants again, Kamala struck gold- the third door she opened revealed a sparkling bathroom with metallic, futuristic fittings.

She made it onto the toilet in time- but barely. It felt like the turd was flying out of her ass before she even sat down, shooting out of her like a bullet from a gun. The thing was a Ms. Marvel trademark dump, as she liked to call it, huge and firm and all out in a single log. It stretched her out so wide that, even with her elastic ass, Kamala couldn't help but moan in pleasure. She didn't bother trying to stifle the vocalisations of her relief. She guessed that these ultra-fancy, ultra-expensive rooms probably had soundproof walls.

Next Kamala gave it a few pushes to make sure she was completely empty, but as usual everything in her bowels had been packed into that one piece. All she got for her efforts were a few squirts of hot pee, which sounded faintly musical when they tinkled against the metallic toilet bowl. That was when she encountered the next problem: there was no toilet paper.

Getting up, Kamala waddled around the room with her pants around her ankles, but she couldn't find a while roll anywhere. Sometimes- often, in fact- Kamala produced poops that were so firm and dry that they didn't even need wiping. This was definitely not one of those dumps. She knew that if she didn't deal with this one, she'd walk around smelling like poop for days.

With no other option, she texted Shuri on the group chat they'd made. No toilet paper. Send help?

Then she sat and waited for a reply. But, being the Queen of the whole country, her friend didn't answer straight away. Kamala sat on the toilet, her butthole starting to itch, until Shuri messaged back.

Voice activated. That was all the reply said. No more details. Voice activated.

Kamala sat and thought hard about what the command might be to get the toilet paper to appear. "Toilet paper," she said first. Nothing happened. "Toilet... roll? Paper? Please?" There was no sign that anything she was saying worked. Her phone buzzed again. There was a message- but not from Shuri.

You have to tell it you're finished, Kate had sent.

Kamala frowned. It was worth a go, she supposed. "I'm... finished?"

Immediately, the toilet rumbled and whirred into life. Before Kamala had time to respond, her butthole was being rinsed by a powerful jet of warm water. It felt incredible, once she'd gotten over the initial shock. The jet washed her for ten seconds, while another sprayed her pussy clean. Part of her was tempted to ask what the command was to get the front jet to keep spraying until she came.

She texted her thanks to Kate while the toilet air-dried her ass and crotch. The shower looked tempting, but it was hot enough to sweat in the room, and Kamala knew she'd only need to wash again when she woke up. By the time she'd climbed between her bedsheets, she was so exhausted that she simply fell asleep.

————————————

She woke up the next morning to the gentle sound of chiming bells. It took Kamala a few seconds to open her eyes, and a few seconds more to realise that what she was hearing was an alarm. Shuri must have been able to control the alarms from somewhere, presumably under Pepper's instructions. She looked at the clock by her bedside, which was (unlike her own watch) in Wakandan time. It was eight in the morning, and Kamala felt as though she hadn't been afforded anywhere near enough sleep. Still, she was grateful that the timezones of Sokovia and Wakanda weren't as radically different as the jump they'd made the day before between the US and Europe.

Kamala took a piss in the shower, towelled herself off, got dressed and wandered out of her room, looking for someone she recognised. She found that in Shuri, who had changed into more regal, local clothes. The Queen looked very different from her inconspicuous teenage-girl aesthetic of the day before, but Kamala had been used to seeing Shuri dressed like this for years, so it was no surprise.

"You're the first one up," Shuri said approvingly, "other than Pepper, of course".

Kamala was about to ask how Pepper was doing when she noticed something. The guard with the spear was still outside Kamala's bedroom door- and unless Kamala was blind or very, very racist, it was definitely the same woman as last night, in exactly the same pose.

"Has she been here all night?" Kamala asked, confused.

"Not that long," Shuri assured her, "this is Andoye. She is one of the Dora Milaje. Her watch started at midnight".

"So she's been out here more than eight hours? Doesn't she get a bathroom break?"

Shuri laughed. "That's not the way we do things here. The Dora Milaje must be able to withstand long periods with intense levels of discipline. It is essential that they can go hours without needing bathroom breaks".

"Oh, poor thing," Kamala said, horrified, "she must be bursting".

"I can see why you might assume that," said Shuri with a smirk, "but her bladder is not like yours... or mine. Andoye, do you need a bathroom break yet?"

"No, my Queen," Andoye replied stoically, and Kamala thought she might have seen the hint of a smile on the corners of the warrior's mouth.

"Well, that does sound like it would be useful," admitted Kamala as she walked with Shuri down the hall.

"It can only go so far," Shuri acknowledged, "Okoye, for example... she can go for a whole day without emptying her bladder. But even the fiercest of the Dora Milaje have their limits". Kamala pondered that while they walked, arm in arm. "Now, I was with Okoye last night. She had news for me. There's someone here I'd like you to meet..."

———————————————————————————

Kate woke up with a bladder that demanded to be emptied. She groaned to herself, rolled over in the king-sized bed that had been so graciously provided by the state of Wakanda and picked her phone off of the bedside table. There was a text from Carol.

You slept through your alarm. We're down the hall to the right, red door. Come as soon as you wake up.

The cavernous room boasted views over a field the size of a small city, teeming with wildlife. It had been too dark to see out the night before, but now Kate could take it all in. At least, that was, she could have if she wasn't desperate to pee.

She clambered out of bed and crossed the room to the en suite she'd used last night. It took all of sixty seconds to take a leak, find her clothes and pull them back on. Then she was out of the room and in search of a red door, which she found about fifty feet down the hall. Kate Bishop wasn't one for wasting time in the mornings.

On the other side of the door was a round table, where Pepper, Carol, Shuri, Kamala and Jennifer were talking to a soldier Kate recognised and a girl she had never seen before in her life. With olive skin and masses of dark curls, she looked Latina to Kate, and yet something in her eyes was hard to place. She sat a little apart from the other women. Leaning back in her chair, there was an air of authority about her that made Kate uneasy, because there was no way this lady could be any more than twenty years old. She should surely have no business taking the lead in a meeting with Captain Marvel.

Nobody looked up at Kate when she entered the room. The archer took this as a sign that she should take a seat quietly and let proceedings continue as they were. She took the only free spot, between the Dora Milaje warrior and Jennifer. The dark-haired girl's eyes briefly met Kate's gaze, then looked back to Pepper. She was dressed in blue and red, with a denim jacket and a white star across her chest. Somehow, the girl managed to look even more out of place in Wakanda than the rest of Shuri's travelling companions.

It seemed she'd walked in while Pepper was questioning the stranger, although this young woman didn't exactly look like a prisoner. In fact, something about her demeanour told Kate that the woman would be very hard to capture, even for the Dora Milaje.

"So, you're not here on a school trip," Pepper said. It wasn't a question.

The girl blinked. "I'm here to try and warn you," she said.

"Warn who?"

"The Dora Milaje. Queen Shuri. You, too, I guess".

Pepper frowned. "Warn us of what, exactly?"

The girl leaned forward in her chair. "Baron Helmut Zemo. Remember him?"

That certainly got the reaction out of the room that she'd wanted. Pepper's jaw dropped, Shuri froze and the soldier got out of her seat. Kamala and Jennifer both clearly knew who this Zemo was, but the name meant nothing to Kate. At best, it sounded vaguely familiar, like a name from a story Clint had told her. She'd had enough of not knowing what was going on.

"Okay, someone fill me in here," Kate ordered, "what's going on?"

"Kate, this is America," Carol said, gesturing towards the stranger.

"I know what Childish Gambino looks like and that's not it," Kate said, shaking her head.

"My name is America," said the girl, "America Chavez. I was at the Raft last night right after the breakout happened".

Kate at least knew what the Raft was- a top-security prison designed for particularly dangerous individuals. But she still had one question. "And this Zemo?"

It fell to Kamala to give her friend a refresher history lesson. "Remember the big fight between Iron Man and Captain America? That was all thanks to him".

"Then he gave Bucky and Sam a load of trouble when the whole Flagsmasher thing was going down," Pepper added.

"So what were you doing at the raft?" Carol prodded. She was clearly uncertain about this girl.

"I was there for him," America said simply. "I wanted to question him. Half my job is to keep tabs on potential threats who are in prison".

"And the other half?"

"To find the ones who are MIA. There's a lot of those going around".

"Why are you questioning criminals at top-security prisons and nobody at S.H.I.E.L.D. has ever mentioned you to me?" asked Pepper. In truth, it was exactly what Kate had been wondering.

"Because I don't work for S.H.I.E.L.D.. I work for Strange".

Clearly, Pepper found that particularly shocking. "Strange? Stephen Strange?"

America nodded calmly. "That's the guy. Or Wong, sometimes".

"Let's suppose that's true," said Pepper, in a tone that made it obvious that she thought it wasn't, "why would Strange want you to question Zemo?"

America pushed back and her chair rolled a few more inches away from the table. "We have reason to believe he's been using his communication time to plan something in secret," she said, "with a man named Justin Hammer".

————————————————————————————

Jennifer stood under steaming water, trying to remember why she agreed to do this in the first place.

She'd never had a shower quite like a Wakandan shower. The boiler was perfect, boasting a dial so responsive that the tiniest turn of the knob would immediately adjust the temperature of the water down to a fraction of a degree. None of the mirrors steamed up, but they were cool to the touch. Bruce would have loved to check out the design behind all this stuff, and try and figure out how it worked. Of course, he was the reason she was even here. She owed him for saving her life, even if it had turned her into... whatever she was now.

Without even thinking about it she spread her legs wide and let her bladder empty. There hadn't been time to go in the morning, when she'd been woken up by Shuri's alarm and seen the message calling her to the room with the red door. Jennifer still wasn't sure what to make of this girl who called herself America, but she knew all about Justin Hammer- every lawyer in the country had followed his case before he got sent down.

In all honesty, Jennifer just wanted to distract herself from the fact that she had to poop. That couldn't be a good sign, given that she'd gone less than a day before, squatting red-faced behind a gas station bathroom. Already the need had made itself known again, far quicker than usual. She suspected that the Hulk side of her was more than a little responsible. In the middle of a guarded palace in the biggest city of the whole country, though, it wasn't exactly easy to sneak off and get some relief, especially when she might be needed by her team at any minute.

Jennifer had been eyeing up the toilet in her bedroom ever since she'd gotten there, wondering if it could handle the size of poop she was likely to be about to push out. A toilet of that petite size... usually she wouldn't even think about it, but the Wakandan technology had her wondering. Was there a chance they used vibranium in their plumbing? If so, she might be able to take a dump in there without any problems. It was still a risk, though. She didn't want to do any damage that couldn't be reversed.

But she was bound to need to go sometime soon so, reluctantly, Jennifer opted for a strategy she'd used a couple of times before. She took a breath and squatted down in the shower. It didn't take long before her asshole started to stretch out, allowing the first of four huge logs to slide out. Her face was getting drenched under the water. The turd broke off and landed with a heavy thud in the bottom of the tub. Water cascaded over her, dripping in little rivulets off of the tips of her nipples, the top of her nose, the lips of her pussy, the ends of each finger.

Jennifer wanted to get it over with. She pushed hard, and soon the rest of it was coming out of her. Here, safe in the knowledge that she had complete privacy for the first time in days, she could almost enjoy getting to empty herself. It was a far cry from the humiliation of having to poop outdoors the day before. Then again, when she'd been the way that she was for so long, she was almost starting to get used to being in embarrassing bathroom situations.

Then came the less-than-pleasant part. Jennifer took no joy in what she had to do next, but it was the only way she could be sure of getting away with her monster poops. She used her thin, pale hands to break up the first piece into small, manageable chunks, then dropped them into the toilet. She flushed. Waited. When everything had gone down, and she was satisfied that there were no problems, Jennifer repeated the process with the other turds, making sure to flush regularly so that nothing got blocked up. Back at home she'd managed to have an ultra-powerful flush installed so that she could usually manage things, but away it could get tricky.

When she was done, she took the head of the shower off of its stand. It was still blasting out water at exactly the same temperature and pressure she'd set it to ten minutes before. Squatting there awkwardly, Jennifer rinsed her ass as well as she could, not keen on getting any brown stains on the immaculate white towels that had been left out in her room. She used the side of her flattened hand to make sure that nothing messy lingered on her hole.

Getting out of the shower, Jennifer checked the toilet one last time. There was no sign that anything was coming back up, thankfully. She wrapped herself tightly in one of the towels and went out into the main bedroom to dry off. She should still have fifteen minutes before Pepper had asked them to rendezvous again. Jennifer didn't know the plan yet. All she knew was that they were going after this Zemo character.

At last, she'd thought when she had heard, someone to fight again.

——————————————————————————————————-

"What makes you so sure he's even gonna be there?"

Kate could only hear snippets of the conversation through the bathroom door. The engine of this Wakandan aircraft was far quieter than any other plane she'd ever been on, but it was still hard to make out everything that was being said, especially with a wall between her and her team.

"I'm not," she heard a voice say- Pepper's voice. "But you have to admit it's the most likely bet".

Kate hadn't heard Shuri or Kamala say anything for a while. They both seemed happy, as she was, to just let the older women make the decisions. At least that way they couldn't take any of the blame if things went south.

The Wakandan plane they'd swapped out for S.H.I.E.L.D.'s last minute provision was, to put it mildly, luxurious. It had more than enough space for all seven women plus two pilots, who'd been locked in the cockpit since takeoff. After last night Kate would have settled for any bathroom, but this plane had a hotel-grade one, with a working shower and spotless fittings. She was used to being squashed into airplane toilets, yet this one had extra leg room.

America Chavez had come along on the flight, having agreed to join the operation to rescue Morgan. Pepper was under no illusions that the new girl wasn't exactly prioritising her daughter- it just happened that their goals aligned, if S.H.I.E.L.D.'s assumption that Hammer was behind all this proved correct, and if Chavez's claim that Zemo was involved was right too. It seemed flimsy to Kate. She didn't want to say that out loud, though, because flimsy was just about the best they had by this point. A stretch it may have been, but it was better than running on nothing.

Kate had been in the bathroom for a while. It wasn't the worst bathroom in the world to be stuck in, sure, but she was still pissed that she couldn't be out there, getting involved in the planning. She'd excused herself half an hour into the flight, and another half hour had passed since. She'd sat, squeezed, strained, waited and willed, but there hadn't been much movement down there, if any. She felt the need to go in her gut, and yet nothing was progressing where it mattered. All she wanted was to hear that splash below and return, empty again, to the group.

There was no doubt in her mind that they knew what she was doing now. Her confession to Kamala at the gas station had been private, but it couldn't take much of a genius to work out that Kate had some issues with constipation at this point. Even America, who she'd known for a couple of hours, probably knew her secret. She was past the stage where she could afford to be shy about what they thought of her. If the mission was still to go on for a few more days (which appeared likely, if not guaranteed) then Kate would need to poop a few times. It was just inevitable.

Still, she was grateful for the privacy. Her worst fear was that someone might knock on the door while she was in the middle of her business, which would be certain to scare whatever she had pushed out right back up there, and turn her red in the face if she wasn't already. Kate kept pushing for another ten minutes, hoping optimistically that something might suddenly change even if all the signs pointed towards the opposite outcome.

Eventually, though, she was forced to accept that it wasn't going to happen yet. Maybe in a couple of hours she could take the bathroom back and try again, but it wasn't right to stay in any longer when someone else might need to go. Besides, she wanted to be outside with the rest of the team, who were no doubt discussing their plan without her. It was probably something she'd need to hear.

Kate tore off some toilet paper and wiped just in case, leaving the faintest of brown stains on the white of the roll. She wasn't sure where that could have come from, seeing as nothing had breached as far as she knew. It remained one of life's great mysteries. Standing up, Kate dropped the soiled sheets into the bowl and pulled up her jeans. She had to really yank them to get the tight waistband over her hips, wriggling until everything was in place. With one pull of the flush, any evidence that she'd ever been there in the first place was gone. As usual, Kate didn't bother washing her hands. She didn't see what harm the faintest traces of poop on her fingertips could do.

When she emerged from the bathroom, Kate wasn't sure how to act. She was all too aware that everyone outside knew what she'd been doing, but the last thing she wanted to do was to draw attention to herself. So, instead, she took her seat between Shuri and Jennifer. The plane was set up like a boardroom, with comfier chairs, so that everyone could see each other at all times. Wakandan special forces used it to plan missions en route.

Kate didn't meet the eye of anyone else for a few minutes. She hated the idea that they'd known she was trying to poop.

————————————————————————

Kamala was grateful to be able to escape to the bathroom- not because she had to pee badly, although she kind of did, but because she needed a few minutes away from the tense atmosphere in the rest of the aircraft. It was plain to see that Pepper didn't trust this America Chavez. In fact, Kamala seemed to be the only one who thought the new girl seemed believable.

She took her seat after lowering her jeans and underwear, keeping her thighs pressed together. Kamala liked to pee like this, legs closed, because it made her pussy point straight downwards and kept everything going in the right direction. Sometimes her labia could make the flow a little unpredictable, especially when she was releasing a lot of pent-up pressure. She pissed for half a minute or more, which was surprising; she hadn't felt like she'd had to go that much.

When it all tapered off, she took her time in wiping, far from keen to return to the stony silence that awaited outside. They would be touching down in an hour or so, according to the pilot. That felt like an hour too long to Kamala. She needed to be back on the ground, somewhere where she had someone to fight or some mission to complete. Watching the flush suck her yellow fluids and soaked paper down the drain, presumably to be spat out into the sky somewhere, she wished again that they'd had a little longer to stay in Wakanda.

When she thought she'd held out as long as she could in there without people starting to assume she'd been taking a shit, Kamala washed her hands and took a deep breath before opening the bathroom door. Still nobody was saying a word. Silently, she went back to her seat and waited for the descent to begin.

—————————————————————————

Shuri gave it ten minutes between Kamala and her visits to the bathroom. She didn't want to rush in right after her friend was done, in case a poop smell- or even a floater or two- still lingered. Eventually, though, she was forced to get up and head to the toilet. It sounded like they'd be descending soon, and she guessed that the passengers would need to keep their seatbelts on while the plane was coming into land. She wasn't sure if she would be able to hold it until they were safely on the ground again. That wasn't a chance Shuri fancied taking.

In Wakanda, the Queen had barely been able to find any time to herself, and certainly not enough time to evacuate her bowels. After all, she had duties, responsibilities, people who wanted to see her. So she'd held it until their departure the next day... but it had become apparent soon into the flight that she'd need to go before they were through.

That was why she slipped into the bathroom about three quarters of an hour from landing. Shuri was relieved to find that there was no poop smell, nor was anything left in the high-power flush toilet. She locked the door, shimmied down half of her clothes and sat. Almost instantly her butt opened up to allow the first thick turd of many to pass through.

It took a few minutes, but Shuri felt infinitely better once she was done emptying her stomach. And she knew a trick that none of the other passengers were privy too- all Wakandan toilets were fitted with an air freshener. All she needed to do was find the right trigger... a gentle kick in the side of the bowl did it, as if she was signalling a horse to pick up the pace. As she wiped, the whole room was flooded with a gorgeous lavender scent.

Shuri pulled the flush and watched everything that had come out of her be sucked away at top speed. If she was fortunate, nobody would have even noticed that she'd been gone long enough to take a crap in the first place.

————————————————————————

Staring out of her window seat, Carol Danvers wondered if she might regret not pooping while she had the chance. The strict, cold pilots had put overhead lights on ten minutes ago when they started to descend- a sign that the passengers needed to swivel their chairs to face forwards, plug in their seatbelts and not stand up until they were back on solid ground.

Of course, Carol knew that she could disobey if she needed to. Sure, she had to take a shit, but it was still far from an emergency... for now. If she really couldn't wait, nobody was going to stop her from getting up to head to the bathroom. Nobody here was capable of telling her what to do, or indeed in almost any other solar system.

But it wasn't worth the hassle. A glance down at the ground told her that they couldn't be much more than a few minutes from landing now. It would be better to hold it, she decided. She could find somewhere to take a nice, long poop once they were on the ground.

Carol sighed and watched the cars move like ants below as they touched down in Madripoor.

*033*2021-11-13 23:29

More commissioned chapters- PM me if you'd like anything for yourself!

###

They had landed in what looked, to Kate, like something out of a video game. It wasn't night yet, but the city seemed eternally grey, haunted by storm clouds ahead. Fluorescent neon coursed through the veins of Madripoor, creating an endless buzz. The last leg of the flight had not, in truth, been a pleasant one. Turbulence had rocked the plane on more than one occasion. Kate had never been much of a fan of flying, but she liked it a great deal more when her seat didn't jiggle around like a fairground ride, making her stomach turn in circles.

Pepper was the first to rise, long before the wheels had stopped turning. She had become a woman permanently in a rush- not without good reason, Kate allowed.

"Leave everything in your bags unless you absolutely need it," she told them, "Fury has set up a safe house in the city. All your luggage will be taken there for us. I'll text you all the address later today. We don't have time to waste".

They filed off the plane as quickly as the rickety metal staircase would allow, and Kate felt good to be back on solid land again. Somehow, after almost being murdered five or six times, having to climb on and off aircraft every few hours was still by far the thing Kate was hating most about the mission. Still, it would be worth a few bad nights if they found the kid. Personally Kate was starting to doubt that that moment would come, though she'd never say that aloud with Pepper- or anyone else, for that matter- in earshot.

With everyone on the runway, it was a little easier to get a proper look at their surroundings. It didn't take a genius to work out that they hadn't landed on a public airstrip; no commercial jet was slender enough to have slotted onto this field, which was so small it barely felt like more than a park.

Already men in masks were removing their bags from the plane. Kate wasn't sure if they were undercover S.H.I.E.L.D. agents or just someone working with Fury. She knew that S.H.I.E.L.D. had a presence in Madripoor, from their efforts to capture the Powerbroker, who had turned out to be the gone-rogue former agent Sharon Carter. Sometimes Kate wished she'd taken a leaf out of Sharon's book and just disappeared when the snap had happened. It might have been a whole lot easier.

Though it was hard to remember after hours sitting on a plane doing nothing, they really had no time to lose if- as Pepper feared- the girl was somewhere in the city. Carol thought it would be a good idea to split into three teams and cover ground faster, so the seven women gathered just off the runway to be assigned a goal from Pepper.

"Shuri will be with me," Pepper explained, pointing her arm towards the south of the city, "this place is teeming with criminals, including Wakandan ones. There's a group of them holed up in an apartment block a few miles south of here, and according to our source they've had dealings with Zemo. I need someone with me who speaks the language".

"Won't they recognise... you know... their queen?"

"Yeah," said Shuri with a shrug, "but who's gonna believe them? The whole country thinks I'm bedridden with the flu. That's what Okoye is telling them, anyway. I'm accounted for".

"Jennifer, Kate," the boss continued, "I need you to check out a warehouse in the east. It's been a long-term storage facility for products manufactured by...?"

"Justin Hammer?" Kate said, scratching her back lazily with one hand.

"Bingo. It's huge, so I'm hoping your bow and arrow will come in handy, and it's got walls tall enough to keep Jennifer out of public view if she has to go green. The chances of anyone here recognising most of us are slim to none. But even somewhere like this, everybody knows a Hulk when they see one. We can't have our position being given away".

That left three women without a team, and Pepper put them together. America and the two Marvels, Kate thought dryly. But as they were splitting up, Kate saw Pepper draw Carol closer for a quiet word. They didn't seem to have been told that Kate could lip read.

"...keep an eye on Chavez," Pepper was saying, "I asked Fury about her. He says she's reported to be very powerful. It may be that you're the only one who can take her down if she turns on us”.

Kate turned away before they noticed her watching. It was no secret that the women didn't trust America yet, least of all Pepper. But she didn't want to be the root of any trouble.

"What was that about?" asked Jennifer as the pair headed east, waiting for Pepper to update their phones with the exact location.

"I don't know," Kate lied, "we'll probably find out later". She felt a buzz in her pocket, drew out the modified mobile and saw a GPS signal appear. "It's three miles away, wanna jog?" she teased.

"Hell, no," Jennifer said, "we'll get a taxi. I think I can last a ten-minute cab ride without turning into a monster and exposing us".

They slipped down an alleyway and into the hustle of the city, wanting to walk far enough away from the others that they wouldn't be seen hailing a cab. Kate didn't think Pepper would be too thrilled with their lack of caution. But she was more interested in this warehouse- something told her Pepper knew more than she let on to send them somewhere so seemingly mundane. Whatever was behind those walls, she doubted it was just a bunch of dusty old machines.

—————————————————————————————————————————————

Up close, the streets of Madripoor were just as grim and grimy as they had looked from above. Down every dark alleyway moved shadows that seemed to belong to nobody. Shops with unwashed doors and boarded-up windows lined the sidewalks, and everyone walked with the guilty air of a criminal on the way to their next victim, but without the secrecy usually characteristic of villains in a city where someone might actually try to catch them.

Jennifer heard a dozen different languages in the first ten minutes of roaming the place, some of which she even recognised. She remembered enough Spanish from school to understand a sleazy bald man who catcalled them as they passed, and thought the music that slipped through one window was in Japanese. She flipped the bald pervert the bird and let Kate drag her away just as he was looking like starting a scrap.

Their attempts to hail a cab had been totally fruitless. For one thing, they couldn't even find one. It made sense to Jennifer that a city where everyone was a crook might not have an official taxi system when she thought about it, so they settled on walking the three miles.

They had covered barely one of those when Jennifer started to really feel the weight of her bladder. What had barely been a twinge when they'd landed had quickly turned into something much more pressing. Jennifer didn't know what was up with her lately. Maybe it was the nerves or the excitement of the mission, but she'd been needing to go much more than usual the last few days. Normally she barely ever felt so needy.

"I have to use the bathroom," she told Kate as they turned down a side road, following the phone's GPS towards the industrial estate.

Kate didn't say anything for a few seconds, as if she was weighing up how to reply. Then she decided:

"Yeah, me too," Kate admitted. She kicked an empty can that was sitting on the sidewalk in front of them. Jennifer noticed that it looked, at least in shape, like a normal Coke can- but the packaging was a plain, dull silver instead of red. She wondered what might have been in the can before it was abandoned there. It clattered into a gutter and was still. "But I can hold it," added Kate after a while as if she was worried Jennifer might have thought Kate couldn't. She'd noticed that the young archer was still shy about using the bathroom, even after what they'd been through as a group.

"You want a bathroom break?"

"Nah," Jennifer said, "it's fine".

"You sure?"

Jennifer raised an eyebrow. "What's that supposed to mean?" she asked, shooting the younger woman a glance.

"Well, I know I can hold it," said Kate, "but I wasn't sure if you wanted to, y'know? Or if you just wanted to go now. We could easily find you an alley, or something".

"If you can hold it, I definitely can," Jennifer said indignantly.

Kate scoffed. "Really?" she asked, "what about at the gas station? I'm pretty sure you weren't holding it when you disappeared behind the building".

Jennifer's face burned at the memory. "That's different," she said, "that was... not pee. And anyway, the only reason you held it longer is because you were all clogged up".

"That wasn't the only reason," Kate said, though now it was her turn to blush. "I can hold it longer than any of you, that's the point".

A car pulled by quickly. Jennifer made a face. "Longer than Kamala or Shuri? Sure, but not me. No way". She wanted to laugh at Kate's sheer cheek. She knew she had a bigger bladder than this kid. She was a Hulk, after all, and she wasn't going to be defeated by a puny human with no powers.

"Especially you," Kate insisted.

What the hell, Jennifer thought, this is gonna be a long walk anyway. "Care to make it interesting?" she offered, tilting her head.

Kate laughed. "You're on," she said, "last person to use the bathroom wins".

"And is officially the better holder," Jennifer added.

"And that".

They quickly fell into a comfortable silence after that, leaving Kate to wonder if she'd made a mistake. She knew she was too stubborn to give in to Jennifer even if she really had to go, which could easily end in soaked underwear if Jennifer really did have a bigger capacity than her. That stubbornness and refusal to lose was what had made her a great archer, but there were times- like now- where it could be more of a curse than a blessing. The group would probably have to burn these clothes if they didn't want S.H.I.E.L.D. asking why some articles had been pissed and pooped in numerous times in just a few days.

Not wanting to think about that, Kate turned her attention back to the city around them. It was gross, dangerous and teeming with bad, bad people. She couldn't help thinking that she might fit in here. It made her think of Clint, before his retirement. He'd have been able to survive in a place like this, too, except he'd have hated every last second of it. He always preferred being with his family on the farm to going on missions, while Kate felt his opposite.

Another twenty minutes went by, and Kate really did have to pee badly now. She was in too much discomfort to fool herself into thinking she could wait longer than another half an hour at most, though she would never give Jennifer the satisfaction of admitting it. Walking only made it worse. Her full, bloated bladder bounced with each step, litres of pee sloshing around in there, knowing it would soon be running free between her legs whether she wanted it to or not. Kate wanted to hold herself, but she was still too embarrassed to show any sign of having to go unless she had absolutely no choice left.

Jennifer eyed Kate suspiciously. "You gotta go bad, huh?"

Kate's face burned hot and she looked away, but kept on walking. They were almost at the warehouse. "No," she lied.

"You're taking smaller steps, your thighs are glued together and you've barely said a word in a quarter of an hour. I can tell you have to pee, and I don't think you can wait much longer".

Kate hated herself for being so obvious. Her poker face was one of the things she prided herself on most; Clint had taught her never to let someone know what you were thinking with your body language or expression. If Jennifer could read her so easily, she must be losing her touch.

"Don't worry, kid," Jennifer said, "I have to pee pretty bad too". Though Kate didn't appreciate being called a kid, the news that Jennifer was struggling too made her feel a little better. "Look, the most important thing here is the mission. We could call it a draw? Pee down a side street somewhere, go check out this warehouse. What do you think?"

Kate was about to agree, but then she remembered how dead-set certain Jennifer had been that Kate couldn't hold it longer than her. She knew she had to prove her wrong, or else she'd be seen as barely more than a kid for the rest of the mission.

And there was another reason she wanted to hold it, though that was to be kept strictly secret- Kate had to poop, too, and she didn't have anything on her she could use as toilet paper. If she squatted for a leak, she was sure something murky brown would come out too.

"No chance," Kate said, "the contest still stands".

The warehouse came into view not long after- a huge, grey, hulking shape that towered over every other building for half a mile around. It was the first structure Kate had seen all day that looked big enough to be holding any of the Hammer tech she'd ever come across, so it wasn't hard to pick out which warehouse was their target. Kate was busting by the time they arrived at the foot of the building, and so was Jennifer- now that Kate was looking for the signs, she saw plenty in her companion's demeanour to suggest as much.

Both women were surprised not to see a single man around as they hopped the fence around the perimeter. Of course, no security guard was going to have much hope of stopping Jennifer once she transformed, but they had still expected some resistance from Hammer's people. Instead it was eerily quiet, and Jennifer led the way towards a totally unguarded door in the side of one long, dull wall. Kate wondered if that meant the group's arrival in the city had somehow not been detected yet. Usually the bad guys had their ways of finding this stuff out.

As much as Kate's bladder was irritating her, she needed to poop almost as badly now. She'd let out a couple of small, silent farts at the end of the walk, and if Jennifer had noticed she had opted to say nothing, for which Kate was grateful. Her bowels weren't exactly full... this was something else, something much hotter, wetter, looser.

For once, she wasn't going to need to strain to push this one out.

For once, Kate wasn't grateful for the help.

They came to a stop outside the door, where Kate unsheathed a purple-tipped arrow from the slim sheath on her back, hidden by her hoodie. This one wasn't for shooting; she stuck it in the lock and the door clicked open seconds later.

"Okay," Jennifer said, one leg crossed over the other, unwilling to cede the victory to Kate in spite of what was at stake, "last chance to pee?"

Kate would have liked nothing more than to squat right there and piss until she was empty, but she didn't want to risk messing herself, nor did she like the idea of Jennifer's claim to be better at holding going unpunished.

"No," said Kate grimly, "we're going in".

———————————————————————————————————

As much as Pepper Potts wanted to focus on the possibility that the key to finding her daughter was just through the next door, she couldn't stop thinking about how badly she had to shit.

The urge had hit her suddenly after they landed and it wasn't going to go away any time soon. Whether it was stress or diet, her bowels had been acting up big time since the mission began, and that was manifesting itself yet again as a dire urge to use the toilet. Her butt felt sore from holding in what felt like a massive load for the whole journey through Madripoor.

Shuri was having the same problem, Pepper knew, though she was too proud to admit it. The girl had gone deathly quiet and she was walking as only someone trying to clench their buttcheeks walked. They'd only known each other properly for a few days, but already Pepper knew exactly how the Queen of Wakanda looked when she was trying to hold in a dump. Well, if she's not going to say it, I will.

"You have to use the bathroom," Pepper said. It wasn't a question.

Shuri looked away. "Yes," she said simply.

Pepper could empathise with the poor woman. They were both similar in that respect- neither liked to admit when they had to go, instead trying to be proud and concentrate on the task at hand. She wanted to let Shuri go right now, but she couldn't wait outside the door any longer when she knew that some crucial information could lie on the other side of the door they were standing beside.

"Me too," Pepper said comfortingly, "we'll find somewhere to go right after we deal with these scumbags, okay?"

Shuri swallowed. "Okay," she agreed.

Pepper kicked the door down.

What waited for them on the other side was not at all what Pepper had been expecting. The room was silent as a church; everything stood still. There were the criminals they'd been promised, all right... bodies strewn around the place, on the couch, at a desk, across the floor. All of them were bleeding from somewhere. Pepper had seen dead bodies before, but nothing on this scale. The chilling sight made her bowels feel heavy and loose, and for a moment she thought she was going to mess herself in fear. She couldn't help noticing that the room did not smell. Pepper had been in rooms with long-dead bodies before, and there was always a smell.

A hand moved on the floor nearby, making Shuri jump so suddenly that Pepper thought the girl had surely had an accident. Tony Stark's widow wasted no time, flicking into action and pouncing to stamp on the man's feeble arm. He looked up at them, blood dripping from his mouth- a local, from the looks of him.

"Hammer," Pepper demanded. She had no time to be sympathetic towards the dying man. When he didn't answer, she put more of her weight on his wrist. "Where is he?"

"Warehouse..." he croaked, then something that sounded like water.

Pepper looked at him with something approaching pity. He was going to die, she realised. They could save him if they took him to a hospital right away... but all she could think about now was the warehouse. She assumed he was talking about the same place she'd sent two of her colleagues. The thought of leaving Shuri there to look after the wounded man occurred to Pepper, and yet the cold part of her brain knew she needed Shuri to watch her back.

Pepper lifted her foot off of him and whirled around, forcing herself to forget about the painful death that she was condemning this criminal to. "We're going to that warehouse," she announced, trying to ignore the fact that she was dying for a shit and would probably do it in her pants before they got there.

Shuri, to her credit, did not flinch. She followed Pepper out of the room and let the door slam shut behind them. Pepper extracted her phone from her pocket and tried to ring first Jennifer, then Kate, but got no reply.

"Sorry, Shuri," Pepper said, "we're going to have to hold it a little longer. We're going after them".

With that, she shoved her phone away and started taking the stairs down two at a time. It was sorely tempting to suit up and fly Shuri over, but she knew that would attract too much attention and put them both in danger. Instead, all Pepper could do was run... and try and ignore the way her shit was poking out of her ass, desperate to slide out and nestle in her underwear. She didn't much like the idea of fighting bad guys with a turd in her pants.

