Tilly & Daisy

Author: Noot

*000*2024-10-09 13:26

Here's a story I wrote a while ago. Like most of my stories, it's about Uni students, because that's the age that I know best from recent experience.

This one is a tale of bedwetting followed by a tale of constipation. Enjoy!

###

With nothing but black outside the windows, only the dull glow of the TV illuminated Daisy and Tilly's front room as the clock ticked past eleven. Pale light reflected off of pale faces, both too tired to talk. Tilly's eyes flicked between the channel and her phone, scrolling half-heartedly through social media to try and find something to keep her interested. The volume was kept low, but neither girl was really listening. The shows they'd been interested in had finished long ago. Now they were just killing time. Plates and cups from earlier that day sat forgotten on the coffee table.

Finally Tilly had had enough. Her alarm the next morning wasn't too early, but she'd been awake since sunrise today and felt the comfort of her bed calling. She said goodnight to Daisy, carried her plate into the kitchen to be washed up at a later date and trotted back through the house towards the staircase. Even walking upstairs felt lethargic, her legs dragging heavily behind the rest of her body. Tilly had to force herself to go and brush her teeth against all of her wishes to just crawl into bed and be done with it. She eventually stalked into her room with the sting of strong mint in her mouth and her phone still in her pocket.

That was tossed carelessly onto her pillow before she started to undress for bed. If there was one thing to be thankful for, at least the weather had improved enough that she could sleep naked again. Tilly had been very pleased the day she'd packed away her pyjamas for another summer, instantly returning to the nude that she'd preferred for most of her life. Tonight, like most nights, her clothes came off and were discarded on the floor to be dealt with tomorrow.

When there wasn't a stitch left on her, Tilly slipped beneath her duvet and rolled onto her side. After a few moments of trying to sleep, her hand went to her phone and she flicked the screen on. She spent the next half an hour flicking through TikTok, though she'd heard countless times that it wasn't healthy to stare at a screen before going to bed. The temptation was too strong. Besides, she reasoned, it would be easier to get to sleep if she tired herself out just a little more.

Once she finally locked her phone again and this time tucked it beneath her pillow, Tilly rolled over to be hit with a familiar sensation: she had to pee. She groaned internally. Sure, she could get out of bed, walk to the bathroom, take a leak, come all the way back and try to sleep again, but that would only make it harder to finally drift off. Instead she shut her eyes and ignored the pang in her bladder. The worst that could happen was that she woke up desperate, anyway. After a while Tilly forgot about pee and fell asleep thinking about something she'd forget by the next day.

###

Tilly walked naked through the house- not the house she shared with Daisy, but the one she'd grown up in with her family. None of them were there, however. She was alone. She walked from her bedroom to the bathroom, wanting to piss. But when she reached the door and pulled the handle, she found that it wouldn't budge. It wasn't just that the door was locked- the knob itself had lost all mobility, like it had been frozen in time. Tilly tilted her head and frowned. That wasn't right.

But her bladder still needed emptying, so she ignored the strangeness and turned to walk downstairs. It felt weird being down here without any clothes on; somehow, she knew there was nobody to see, but it was still disconcerting. The urgency in her abdomen made her press on through the kitchen to the back of the house, where her downstairs bathroom was. Where it should have been... only it wasn't there. Plain wallpaper sat in place of the door she'd stepped through thousands of times in her life, as if there was nothing at all on the other side.

This struck Tilly as odd. And now the pressure in her bladder was worse than ever, suddenly cramping and crushing her like some great iron fist, demanding that she empty herself. A single drop of urine trickled down the inside of her thigh. Tilly thought through her options: she couldn't go to the neighbours and ask to use their toilet, she wouldn't make it, and besides she was naked anyway. So she did the only thing she could think of: rushed across the kitchen to the sink, turned and pushed herself up on the counter, getting her bum over the metal just in time before it all came gushing out of her. She could almost feel the relief as if it were real... almost...

Then she was awake, her eyes adjusting to harsh sunlight. Tilly could tell right away that she'd slept through her alarm. That's what you get for leaving your phone under your pillow. But the next thing she realised seemed far more pressing. She was wet. More specifically, the bed was wet- soaking, in fact.

Tilly scrambled to prop herself up on her elbow, then sit up in bed. "Again?" she groaned, scarcely able to believe what was happening to her. A hand beneath the sheets removed all doubt.

She tossed back her duvet, so harshly that it almost fell off the end of the bed. Tilly was sitting in a gleaming wet patch that almost spread from one length of the mattress to the other. It began down by her knees and stretched all the way up to the small of her back. Her entire bum and thighs were all encompassed by fabric a hundred shades darker than the rest of the sheet. She'd assessed the full extent of the damage, and didn't like what she was seeing one bit. It looked like the biggest one so far.

Now that she was over the initial shock, Tilly knew she needed to get out of bed. She stood over the mess she'd made, thighs still sticky with pee. That gave her an idea. Feeling like a detective, Tilly explored the sheets with the back of her hand, then turned her fingers to her legs and pussy. The piss was still pretty warm, and her labia were as wet and unkempt as if she'd just taken a leak on the toilet. That told her that her accident had been very recent, probably just before she woke up- that fucking dream...

Not that it even really mattered exactly when she'd pissed the bed, just that she had done it again. Time was of the essence, according to the video she'd watched on how to clean up. The first time she'd wet the bed, Tilly had had no idea what to do. She'd turned to YouTube and- though she had to settle for a video aimed at parents of young kids- found enough information to do a decent job of washing her sheets. Now there were no video guides required. She knew the steps by heart, and was well-practiced at them.

Though her duvet wasn't the most damaged by her accident, it hadn't gotten off lightly either. Tilly started there, stripping the sheet off of it and leaving it in a heap in the corner of the room. She went for her pillowcases next- they hadn't been dampened at all, but she figured she might as well wash them while she was already doing everything else. Finally, off came her mattress cover. She yanked it off quickly, revealing an enormous brownish-yellow stain on the surface. For a second Tilly was shocked by what she was seeing. Then, bizarrely, she began to laugh.

Bedwetting had not been a part of Tilly's life until very recently. In fact, she hadn't suffered any nocturnal accidents at all between early childhood and moving in with Daisy. Then there had been the time she'd gotten very drunk in the first few weeks and pissed the bed, but at least then the alcohol had provided an excuse. Months had passed without any more accidents in bed, unless she counted the time Daisy had urged her to go for a number one and two while still beneath the covers in the name of convenience. And that wasn't the same, Tilly reasoned, since she easily could have made it if she'd wanted to.

Her first true, sober bedwetting had only been a few weeks earlier. Like last night, Tilly had known she needed the loo before settling down to sleep. But she'd ignored the urge. She still remembered the shock- bordering on fear- that she'd felt upon waking up to discover only a pretty small puddle in her bed. It certainly hadn't been any more than a small wee, but it still worried Tilly. She'd cleaned it up, talked to Daisy about it and resolved to talk to a doctor if it happened again.

Only it had happened twice since then, and Tilly still hadn't even made an appointment. The next accident had been her first true flood, a massive piss that she'd somehow slept through altogether and that was starting to dry by the time she finally woke up. The next time, barely a few days later, she'd woken up mid-pee and, unable to clench off the stream, had had to jump out of bed and make a frantic dash for the loo. She remembered feeling hot urine trickling between the fingers of the hand she was clamping her naked pussy with. And, of course, both times she had been stone-cold sober.

Now there was this. A fourth accident in the space of less than a month. And though she knew she should be concerned (or at least a little bit embarrassed), something about the sight of that massive mattress stain was inspiring the opposite reaction in her. She heard footsteps outside of her room- perfect timing. Tilly wanted to get a second opinion.

Tilly opened the door and poked her head out. Daisy was hanging out washing to dry on the bannister. "Hey, come in here," she said, jerking her head towards the inside of the room.

A few seconds later Daisy was standing before the bed, looking down in amazement. Neither girl minded that Tilly was in her birthday suit, nor that she still had wet legs from her accident. Daisy herself was just in a pair of ill-fitting boxers she'd kept from an old boyfriend. Her slightly uneven breasts looked small beside Tilly's, but she'd always thought they were perkier to make up for it.

Tilly had never seen anything like it before. At first glance, an unassuming eye might have guessed she'd spilled coffee all over the mattress, such was the off-brown colour of the stain. It reached in random directions across the surface, dark in some areas and barely noticeable in others. She'd known her bedwettings were leaving a stain on the mattress, true, but this was the first time she'd really been forced to realise how bad the damage was. There was no way the landlords would fail to notice when Daisy and Tilly moved out at the end of the year.

"How many times have you wet the bed to make it like that?" Daisy asked, awestruck.

Tilly thought before answering, just to be sure she was counting right. The drunken night back in the Autumn, the time she'd done it on purpose, then the four recent accidents that had culminated in this one. "Six," she answered finally, "and one of those I did a poo as well".

"Was there already a stain on it when you moved in? Maybe only some of this was you".

Tilly shook her head. "Nah, I'd have noticed. This is all me, I'm pretty sure".

"I've only done it twice," Daisy said sadly. Tilly remembered both of those times; unlike her, both of Daisy's wettings had been entirely down to drinking too much pink gin. Tilly had seen the aftermath both times, and neither had been anywhere near as hefty as what Tilly had done that morning. "I've got a stain too, just much smaller. Like this-" she pointed to a spot on Tilly's mattress where the piss stain was particularly faint- "mine is this colour all the way through. I reckon I could get away with pretending I spilled Pepsi on it, or something".

That sparked a thought in Tilly's mind that made her genuinely worry for the first time all morning. "What about the security deposit?" she asked, "no way I'm getting it back if they see how much I've ruined the mattress".

Daisy thought about it for a second. "Maybe we can find some way to clean it out," she suggested, "baking soda might work. If not, I think we'll have to flip the mattress over before we move out and hope they don't think to check the other side. If it's any consolation, I doubt we were ever getting that deposit back anyway".

"Maybe not," Tilly accepted with a sigh. "I'd better put these in the wash and get in the shower. My lesson is only in an hour and a bit". She really had slept through her alarm, she reflected as she glanced at her phone for the first time that day.

"I'll take your sheets down," Daisy offered, already picking them up, "I was going downstairs anyway, to get the rest of my washing out".

Tilly smiled as Daisy took the bundle in her arms and headed for the door. "Thanks, babe," she called, "sorry about the smell".

——————————————————————————————————————————

When she was a teenager, Daisy could never have believed that she'd one day be so bored in a library. But the buildings she'd spent hours in as a child, poring through thousands of books and marvelling at everything from the smell of paper to the secret adult section she knew she wasn't allowed to be in, had soured significantly in her view since she'd started at university. The student library was nothing like the ones she'd grown up in. Every book here somehow managed to be as dull as the next, and she usually only troubled to come all the way in if she needed to use the printer. But her laptop was in the repair shop for a couple of days and she had an essay due, so she'd traipsed across the city to the library to borrow one of their computers for an hour or three.

When she first felt that heaviness in her gut, Daisy wanted to ignore it. If she just waited, she could have a proper poo when she got home. The privacy of her own bathroom was far more enticing than a public toilet, and she wanted to focus on her work first.

After a few moments, though, she realised that simply putting it off until later wouldn't be an option. She was already getting desperate, and that was seriously uncommon for her- usually, that frantic I-need-to-poop-right-now feeling only came on after hours and hours of build-up. She was far too cautious to just ignore it like Tilly might do. So, reluctantly, she saved all of her work and logged off the computer. Daisy didn't trust her fellow students enough to leave herself logged on for even a few quick minutes. Once everything was shut down, she grabbed her stuff and got up.

Daisy picked a stall somewhere in the middle of a long line, where about half the cubicles were occupied. The library was busy today, hardly surprising on a Thursday afternoon, and the women's bathrooms (she still thought of them as the girl's toilets even though she knew she wasn't at school anymore) were fuller than usual. Every now and then, a fart could be heard over the roar of hand dryer or flushing toilet.

Up came her skirt, down went her pants... and when she sat down, nothing happened. Daisy frowned. It felt like there was something inside of her, something that shifted ever so slightly closer to the exit, but still nothing close to real progress. That urge to poo, which had been worryingly pressing just a few moments ago, was completely gone. Still, she couldn't just get up and leave. Daisy was determined not to have given up her computer for nothing. She steadied herself and started to push, gently at first. When that did nothing, her squeezing grew more intense, but to no avail. Frustrated, Daisy took action that she would never admit to in front of anyone but Tilly. She covered her middle finger in toilet roll and probed gently around her bum hole. When she pushed inside of herself, there was certainly something there- it was hard as rock, and thick too.

Daisy could've screamed in irritation. It had been more than two days since her last poo, which was extremely rare by her standards. Usually she was a regular mover just like Tilly, and anything over 24 hours without her making a splash usually meant she was very much constipated. That was certainly the case now, as her digital exploration had proven. She was going to have to fight to get this one out.

Reluctant to give up before she had produced even a nugget of poop, Daisy returned to her pushing. It felt as though barely anything was moving. On the other hand, she did feel her pussy grow damp with a sudden spurt of pee that she hadn't even intended. It was at least nice to know that her bladder's needs were being taken care of. She wondered vaguely how long it would be before she should look into getting some sort of laxative for down there. Then again, maybe the firm log stuck in her sphincter would act like a sort of plug anyway. Daisy shuddered. She hoped she wouldn't have to find out if the plug problem actually existed.

With how loud the room already was, Daisy even convinced herself to let out a few little grunts, knowing she was anonymous in this endless line of cubicles. She always found that she needed to grunt and groan to get a big shit out, though she didn't want to be too vocal in public. A thought she knew was gross, but was also somewhat appealing, came to her then- maybe if I get a few inches out I can use some paper to break it off. That might help make her feel empty again.

When she realised she'd been sitting there for twenty minutes and achieved nothing but a wet fanny, Daisy finally decided to throw in the towel and try again later. She wiped the front first to keep it safe from potential rash, then ran a fresh piece of toilet paper over her anus just to be safe. It came away with only the faintest of brown stains, barely even enough to be considered a mark. She always found that her driest shits left next to nothing on the paper.

Disheartened by her lack of progress, Daisy flushed the toilet and pulled her undies back up. She took extra care to wash and dry her hands after being forced to literally probe her own arsehole just moments before. She doubted a single person who was in the bathroom when she arrived was still in there by the time she finally left- and she hadn't even managed to have a poo for her troubles.

When Daisy stepped back out into the library, she wasn't even surprised to see that the computer she'd been using had been taken by someone else. She huffed, hoisted her backpack higher up on her shoulder and decided to head for home. That essay could wait until tomorrow.

—————————————————————

Daisy was hugely relieved to see that Tilly wasn't on the loo when she got home on Friday. She'd started to need a shit halfway between the bus station and their front door and quickly picked up her walking pace. By the time she was turning the key in the lock, it was almost an emergency, so much so that she thought she might have an accident if she had to wait for her turn on the throne. She could almost picture that huge turd she'd been feeling inside of her all day finally being expelled from her body, rushing out and filling her underwear. At this point it would almost be a relief even if it came out in her pants.

It had been over twenty-four hours since her failed poop attempt at the library, when she'd been convinced that she was about to take a crap only to leave disappointed. But this felt different. Where yesterday Daisy had felt a pretty strong indication that she had to go for a number two, today it was more like she was about to drop one whether she was on the loo or not. She believed that this was going to be her moment.

So she was even more disappointed when she sat down and absolutely nothing happened. Somewhere between getting into the house and getting on the toilet, her desperate need to empty her bowels had once again completely disappeared. Now it was like she had never needed to go at all. But she could still feel it in her- how could she ignore it? This huge, thick, heavy mass basically felt like it was blocking up all of her intestines now, though she knew the reality couldn't possibly be that bad. It had barely budged at all since yesterday.

At least here she could take her time, with nobody else in the room, no other stalls next door. Daisy decided she might as well get comfortable. She kicked off her shoes, which she'd forgotten to remove at the front door in such a rush. Next she peeled off both socks, slid both ankles out of her bundled-up jeans and finally decided to go all the way and abandon her panties too. Sitting there, completely naked from the waist down, she felt a whole lot more free in her movement. She put both feet up on the seat, knees bent, and tried to see if that helped anything.

A similar moment last night had been almost equally frustrating. She'd been sitting around, watching TV with Tilly, when the urge to unload a dump had come on. But once again it was gone by the time she reached the toilet. No amount of pushing and straining had been able to shift the turd, and that seemed like it would be the case again today, no matter how comfortable she made herself. She'd come downstairs afterwards and told Tilly about her problem. Daisy's roommate was always a sympathetic ear to talk about problems to, which was especially helpful when the problems were too embarrassing to tell just any friend.

Now that she thought about it, it was always the moments of walking to the bathroom that caused her the real problems. Her need to go was real enough, she was sure of it- at least for a moment, her body was trying to tell her it was ready to evacuate her bowels. But something about walking from her seat to the toilet seemed to undo that need. She'd lose the urge to go before ever reaching the loo, and be left with the mass still stuck inside of her.

But there was one thing in Daisy's favour: it was the weekend now. She had no more classes until Monday. Knowing what needed to be done, Daisy made a decision. Next time she felt that familiar needy sensation in her gut, no matter where she was around the house, she would just go. Even if that meant going in her pants, she didn't care. She just needed to be rid of this condition.

This time, when Daisy flushed the toilet and redressed herself, it wasn't in frustration. Her new approach had given her some fresh resolve, and now she knew that the next time she had to poop, she'd be ready to make it happen before her body could change its mind.

———————————————————————————————————————————————

That next opportunity turned out to come the very next morning. Daisy was cleaning the living room, proving to herself that there really was a first time for everything. That night, she and Tilly were hosting a few friends- not a party by any means, but enough people that they wanted to make everything look fancy. There was no reason for anyone to know that their house wasn't always this tidy. And she'd already decided she really wanted to have a poo before that evening, so that she wasn't distracted from the festivities by her traitorous bowels and their rock-solid shit.

Much to her relief, she felt that same twinge in her belly as she was vacuuming under the sofa. She was only in sweatpants, a t-shirt and some old panties; the nice clothes were waiting on her bed to be changed into before the guests arrived later. Daisy remembered her promise from the day before. No matter where she was, she'd decided, she'd try to take a crap as soon as she needed to. It was the only way she could be sure that the urge wouldn't just vanish yet again like the other times. That moment had come.

Daisy knew that she couldn't afford to waste time overthinking this again. She needed to take care of this now. She turned off the vacuum cleaner and leaned it up against one wall, then stepped into some space and squatted down. A shiver went down her spine. She could hardly believe what she was about to do... if she was successful, that was. And if not, well, she might have to start looking at medical intervention. Daisy was no doctor but she knew walking around stuffed with half a week's worth of crap couldn't possibly be anything but bad for you.

Of course, it was still the same monstrous, firm log she'd felt with a tentative finger back at the library bathrooms, but something told Daisy that squatting was going to make the whole deal a lot easier. She remembered Tilly telling her, a few months back, that humans were actually designed to poop while squatting over the ground and that pooping on toilets was an unnecessary complication. Daisy knew that plenty of cultures used squat toilets instead of seats, so she supposed it must be true. Still, she took most of Tilly's scientific knowledge with a pinch of salt.

Right away, she got a good feeling about this attempt. Though it was still slow going, thanks to the thickness of the log, Daisy could tell it was ready to come out this time. She didn't hold back, grunting and groaning as much as she needed to help strain out the first inch. Soon she could feel it turtleheading, progress she could have only dreamed of a couple of days before. As exerting as it was, she knew she needed to push even harder. Every time she stopped straining, the shape would retreat a little back up her butt. She had to chase it out.

It happened slowly at first. At long last, her butt was starting to open up and let the log inch out. There was plenty of pleasure to be found buried beneath all the pain, too, in the relief of it finally vacating her sphincter.

Daisy was maybe halfway there when her housemate walked in the room. It must have been a strange sight, she knew: the girl who was generally by far the more sensible and mature of the two, squatting over the floor in sweatpants, clearly trying to grunt out a poo.

"What's happening?"

Though Daisy would've been mortified if anyone else in the world had seen her like this, she had nothing to feel ashamed about in front of Tilly. "Still really constipated," she said, "I thought squatting would be easier than sitting down, and I really need to get it out!"

Tilly understood immediately. "Say no more". She came over to Daisy, sat on the floor beside her and held both of her hands, squeezing tight. Daisy had to laugh. Suddenly she felt like a pregnant woman being coached by her midwife through a particularly difficult birth. Still, she was grateful for the support. Having something to grip while she pushed did seem to make things easier. Soon she had almost all of her log poking out. A looser mass would have broken off in her pants by now, she knew, but her constipation had left everything so dry that it wouldn't even bend.

On one particularly hard push, she felt a spurt of wee dampen the front of her sweatpants just as she'd done at the library two days before. Where the protruding log was pulling her panties taught against her pussy at the front, her piss soaked right through the cotton and into her outer layer. Blushing and laughing despite herself, Daisy admitted the little accident to Tilly.

"I can see!" her friend giggled, "doesn't matter, you were going to need to change after this anyway!"

"Yeah, that's true," said Daisy, red-faced and sweating from all of the effort, "speaking of which..."

The last of it rushed out in one final release, tenting the back of her pants so much it looked as though she'd grown a tail. With a sigh of relief, she hoisted herself back upright on legs that had started to ache long ago. The weight of it in her underwear was bizarre, but not exactly unpleasant.

"Holy shit!" Tilly seemed not to notice her own pun, "that's massive!"

Daisy craned her neck around to try and get a good view, then lowered the sweatpants enough to expose her bulge. A knobbly brown shape, at least a foot long, was crammed into the back of her knickers. She'd never produced anything that large before, she knew at a glance.

"Wow". A little out of breath, she wiped the sweat from her forehead with a sleeve. "I can't believe I've just done that".

"That's big even by my standards," Tilly agreed, "don't drop it!"

Daisy couldn't help but laugh. "I'll try," she said as she replaced the waistband of her sweatpants, "I'd better waddle to the loo, then. I feel like I've lost about twenty pounds".

*002*2024-10-12 08:08

{{On 10/10/2024 at 1:59 PM, Caraxes said:

Was not expecting to wake up to the return of the undisputed master!

Welcome back and congrats on another great one!

}}

Hey Caraxes,

Firstly thank you, you’re way too kind - there are so many fantastic writers on this site and I wouldn’t dare put myself among them!

Long story short is that I’ve barely been present on here for a long time for personal/health reasons. I have a few stories I owe people at the moment before I can even think about going back to writing for pleasure.

However I probably will keep uploading old stories that I never put on here in the meantime, maybe once a week.

