The Gates of Shambhala

Author: Nineteen

*000*2017-04-20 20:15

Hello again, friends! I spent a lot of time the last weekend playing Uncharted 2! As Naughty Dog games go, I've seen better (The Last of Us comes to mind), but the story of the game was really very good, and I enjoyed playing through it. I'd actually been putting it off for quite a while, seeing as how there were a lot of things on my plate, but a recommendation from one quintex96, along with a suggestion for a fan fiction, convinced me to play it a little further. Ultimately, I put in several hours, and this was the result. It's a bit lengthy, but if you like Elena and Chloe, you might just like this too.

"Elena,” shouted Nathan Drake from several feet below, “what the hell are you doing?! I thought you were going to cover me!”

“Yeah, sorry!” Elena Fisher called back, leaning out from cover to shoot several rounds at a nearby goon, then whipping back behind the makeshift shelter as several bullets whizzed by her head. She had been covering him… but not as well as she would’ve liked. The reason behind it was simple; Elena was distracted. Come on Elena, she chastised herself, You know you can't afford to be distracted like this! It could cost you and Nate your lives!

Elena shook her head to clear it, but when she stopped the nagging sensation was still there. She frowned irritably before firing a few more shots, then ducking behind cover once more. She had hit someone that time, but the annoyance currently occupying her attention kept her from any questions of morality. Right now, she needed to focus on keeping Nate safe… and her pants dry. She bit her lip as another desperate message reached her brain from her bladder. All the constant movement and the cold of their location weren’t helping her situation.

Another few shots were fired, another volley returned, but when she ducked behind cover this time, she had to grab herself to keep pee from leaking out. I'll just ask Nate if we can take a break after we take care of these guys, she decided. ‘Taking care of these guys,’ however, was proving to be a more difficult and lengthy task than she had expected. Nate seemed to be having trouble dealing with a heavily armored merc wielding an RPG, but none of her pistol bullets could pierce his heavy armor, so she was powerless to do anything but watch as Nate dodged around, avoiding bullets and rockets alike.

After several more minutes (and several more near-leaks for Elena), Nate had finally dispatched all of the mercenaries aside from the heavy, who he had evaded sufficiently enough to make his location unknown. As Nate creeped up on the mercenary, Elena watched with bated breath and heart racing. If the merc turned at the wrong time, that could be the end of Nate.

The adventurer vaulted another wall, nearing the heavy at an agonizingly slow pace, but the soldier was still focussed on the last place he had seen Nate and didn’t turn around. By the time he realized something was wrong, Nate was already on top of him, choking him out. The mercenary panicked and began to flail, but Elena knew he couldn’t escape that headlock and stood up. It was over… or so she thought.

In his last seconds of consciousness, the mercenary accidentally pulled the trigger of his RPG, firing the rocket loaded into the barrel. Nate cried out, Elena looked up just in time to see the explosive bearing down on her and jump off of the rooftop that she stood atop. The RPG destroyed the cover she had been behind and would’ve destroyed her too, had she moved a second later, but she didn’t even notice.

Elena was hunched over in a position unlike any Nate had ever seen her in. Her heel was jammed between her legs along with both her hands and she wore an expression of pain and immense panic.

“Elena!” Nate cried, sprinting over to her. “Are you alright?! What hurts?” Elena’s expression turned from alarm to embarrassment as the desperation passed and she realized that she had been holding herself in front of Nate. She stood up, blushing furiously and sputtering, unable to think of a viable excuse for her posture.

“I… uh… well… I just… I was…” she stuttered, stumbling over her words. “I’m… fine.” Her face burning bright red, she turned away from Nate and closed her eyes, trying to force herself over the humiliation. That impact had nearly caused her to wet herself, and, if she hadn’t done what she had done, Nate could have seen her do much worse than hold herself. She decided it was for the best, but… well, maybe she would ask Nate if she could pee a little later.

Turning back to face him, Elena brightened up as much as she could, ignoring the fullness of her bladder. “So,” she said, “where’s this secret entrance?”

…

Chloe Frazer was growing increasingly uncomfortable in her holdings. She’d only been in here for an hour or so, but she had needed to pee since before she had handed the ancient dagger to Nate, and they hadn’t left her a pot or anything to go in. She only hoped they’d let her go soon- if they were going to kill her for letting Nate go, she’d rather die with an empty bladder.

She sat in silence, waiting for someone to come get her. She waited, and waited, and waited. By the time Lazarević sent someone to retrieve her, she had begun to fidget every two or three seconds, with her hands constantly pressed into her crotch. The soldier that came to get her was gruff, but when she couldn’t stand without leaking, he began to help her and seemed sympathetic enough for her situation… until he shoved her back to the ground, causing her to leak. The wet spot was visible on the outside of her cargo pants, and her humiliation was visible on her face. The man laughed evilly.

“Get up. I’ll be back in a few minutes, and if you’re not up by then, I’ll put you down and tell Lazarević that you attacked me.” He left, and Chloe gradually dragged herself off the floor, stopping just twice to avoid leaking. When she was standing, the fullness of her bladder was much easier to endure, as she could cross her legs more easily. Lazarević’s man put an end to that comfort as well when he forbade her from crossing her legs.

And so they marched, a mercenary, with his gun to Chloe’s back, and Chloe, with fists clenched by her sides and jaw clenched, trying desperately to keep her bladder from leaking and wetting her pants further. By the time the two reached Lazarević’s headquarters at the center of the temple, Chloe had only failed to stave off a single squirt, but that squirt had left a wet patch the size of a tennis ball on the crotch of her pants.

Lazarević bade her stand in front of him, presumably so he could pace around her as he accused her of betrayal, but as soon as he saw the wet spot on her pants, his anger seemingly vanished and he simply laughed. While someone else may have taken this as a less dangerous situation, Chloe knew better; Lazarević’s emotions could change in a second. She wasn’t out of the woods yet.

“So, girl,” he said, seemingly amused, “you seem to be in need of a bathroom.” He walked in a slow circle, assessing her tensed muscles and constant fidgeting, then coming in close. Chloe cringed. “This is why you let Drake escape, yes?” Lazarević waited for her response expectantly, and Chloe considered lying to him for a moment, but when she looked into his eyes, it was clear that he already knew the answer.

“No.”

“No?” Lazarević asked. “Then… you let him escape because… you have been with him from the start.”

“Yes.”

“Well then,” Lazarević said, turning away from her suddenly, “we will take you to him! Does that sound good, girl?” Chloe didn’t bother responding. She knew that it wouldn’t matter what she said. Nate was as good as doomed.

…

Chloe was half marched, half dragged into the chamber below the monastery. The wet spot on her pants had grown to darken the fabric down both thighs on the walk over, but her bladder was still plenty full and the constant leaks had done little and less to removing the constant ache in her abdomen. She was bursting.

Nate was clearly horrified to see her, although whether that was because she was Lazarević’s hostage or simply because he didn’t like seeing her need to pee was beyond her. He immediately began to beg Lazarević to let her and Elena go, although Lazarević wasn’t having it. He threatened to kill both the women if Nate wouldn’t open the door to Shambhala. All of this was lost on Chloe, however, who was completely distracted with her swollen bladder, another wave of desperation would hit her every few moments and she would squirm in an attempt to keep it at bay, despite her captors’ attempts to stop her.

Despite her distraction, Chloe realized what was going on as soon as she looked up to find a gun pointed at her head. Tears filled her eyes as another wave of desperation washed over her, but she dared not move unless she wanted a bullet between her eyes. Instead, all she could do was stand still and clench to the best of her ability as the pressure on her bladder became stronger and stronger.

She ground her teeth together and more tears came to her eyes as sweat beaded on her forehead, but still she refused to move. The pressure on her tired bladder muscles reached unbearable levels, and she began to lose control, a tiny squirt of pee leaking into her panties, but still she couldn’t convince herself to move. The next squirt was longer, and the next escaped her panties, wetting her pants anew. Urine escaped her faster and faster as she stared down the barrel of the gun, unable to stop it. The next time she squirted, her leak didn’t stop and instead became a small stream, warming her leg as it dribbled down. The stream strengthened as her control left her more and more quickly. She felt the warm wetness spread across her butt and down the back of her legs, and heard it patter on the floor. Finally, the stream became a firehose, blasting pee into her pants and onto the floor. She was soaked when the flow finally subsided.

Lazarević didn’t miss his opportunity. “Look!” He blurted. “Your companion is so afraid that she wet herself. You really should open that gate, Drake.”

“Just do it, mate,” Harry agreed. “Best open it now before somebody gets shot.” Nate seemed to agree, because he sighed and walked resignedly over to the large stone in the center of the room, turning his back to them as he did what he needed to do. Chloe took the opportunity to look down and assess the damage. Her pants were nearly completely soaked. It look almost as if she had showered in them. She groaned quietly, unable to accept that she had wet herself like a little girl. It was only when she looked up that she noticed Nate’s other counterpart, Elena, dancing a desperate little dance, eyes shut tight, legs clamped together around hands jammed deep into her crotch. Chloe was amazed. She has to pee as badly as I did, she realized. She decided that, whatever happened, she would enjoy watching this.

…

Elena could hardly contain herself. Her bladder was almost unbearably full and she knew there was no chance that she’d be able to empty it in the immediate future, but she held it all the same. Well… held it as well as she could. While she waited for Nate to figure out the puzzle in this room, she had leaked a little bit. But now she was on the very edge. She was dancing constantly despite knowing how foolish she must look to everyone around her, but every few seconds she would have to stop and tense up to avoid wetting herself.

She hoped Nate would get the door open soon, so Lazarević would have what he wanted and leave them alone. Then, she could finally find somewhere to pee. For now, though, it was only a fantasy and she’d have to hold it for a while longer. Nate turned away from the stone in the middle of the room to ask for a lighter, and then turned back to it again, setting fire to something that made the room light up blue. Elena stopped squirming for a moment to look around the room, then returned to her dance until a loud rumble made her start, a squirt of pee leaking into her panties, dampening them yet again.

NO, she thought angrily. I'm a reporter, damn it! I do more difficult things than this all the time. If I can't hold my pee, I'm no better than Chloe. Despite her determination to outlast Nate’s new girl, Chloe’s accident had nearly destroyed her bladder control. She had held it, but watching the Australian soak her pants and hearing it drip onto the floor had made her squirt more than once.

The door was fully open now, and Lazarević’s troops were filing in. Elena was relieved, but only for a moment. The mercenary that had been keeping an eye on her began to push her towards the newly opened gate, to her horror. As soon as she took a step into the room, she knew she didn’t stand a chance. The sound of splashing water was deafening and as soon as the sound reached her ears, her bladder spasmed, sending pee into her panties and, after a few droplets, her jeans. She struggled to get her bladder under control, and, after a moment, managed to stop the flow.

She continued to squirm as Lazarević ordered Nate and Flynn to find a way to align the bridge, but she could feel her control slipping away in the face of the water crashing down all around her. Finally, she knew she could hold it no longer. She began to hobble away, desperate to find somewhere to relieve herself with a stream already beginning to escape her, when she heard the hammer of a pistol click behind her. She didn’t turn around; she knew who had a gun trained on her. “Stay where you are, girl,” the voice of Lazarević ordered her. She had no choice but to oblige.

Her muscles wavered as she stood, waiting for the sound of the bullet that would kill her, but it didn’t come. Instead, her bladder gave out; slowly at first, then faster and faster. Her stream became a river, then a hissing fire hose. The pee cascaded out of her, dripping down her legs, soaking her pants, spreading across her backside, drenching her like a hot rain. She managed to stem the flow for a second, but all she succeeded in doing during that time was falling to her knees in her pee puddle and soaking herself further. When her bladder was finally empty, she looked slowly around to see Lazarević- not aiming a gun at her, only watching with amusement as the second of Nathan Drake’s companions wet herself.

Elena stood up slowly, feeling the droplets that had collected while she sat drip down to collect in her shoes or the existing puddle. She turned and slowly walked back towards Chloe, face burning red, only to find the other girl wearing a smug grin. Elena fixed her with the dirtiest look she could manage, then moved to her side to watch Nate’s progress in connecting the bridge.

So that's the story. I know it was a bit long, even longer than usual, but if you made it this far, kudos and thanks for reading! If you enjoyed, feel free to let me know, if you didn't, constructive criticism is welcome as well, and if you have another request for a fan fic, you can let me know in the comments or message me directly.

*002*2017-04-20 20:59

{{26 minutes ago, Bellatrix1 said:

That was awsome

}}

Thanks! I really appreciate it!

*005*2017-04-21 01:07

{{14 minutes ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I loved it. (What's the green arrow button for? It is an upvote button? If so, I'm clicking it)

}}

I'm pretty sure it's an upvote button. Otherwise... I have no idea what I've been doing to the posts I like for the last few months. Anyways, I'm glad you liked it! I worked pretty hard on it, so the positive feedback is very much appreciated.

*007*2017-04-21 10:23

{{4 hours ago, blooper said:

Oh neat. I don't know much about uncharted, but fear accidents are also good, and it was nicely written.

}}

Thank you. I'm glad you think so.

*009*2017-04-22 11:06

{{4 hours ago, quintex96 said:

Thank you very much!

}}

You're very welcome! I had a blast writing it!

*012*2017-04-22 15:15

{{58 minutes ago, Bedwettingchik12 said:

Great story!!

Side note- I haven't played any uncharted games. But your title reminded me of a 3 Dog Night song!

"how can your light shine down in the Halls of Shambala"

}}

I don't think I've ever heard that song, but I might give it a listen.

{{34 minutes ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I have played them, and Lazarevic is the perfect villain to cause a fear wetting

}}

I know, right? I thought Lazarević was brilliant. Malevolent, but without losing all personality. He also has a respect for Nate's abilities, which is cool.

