Demi's Plight

Author: Newbz

*000*2022-02-10 09:06

So just a small story not much desperation just mostly set up, I am very interested in monster girls, English isn't my first Language so its gonna be rough.

“I would say I am a generous man, but look at me now and what I am doing. I suppose if she said she would do anything to repay me then who am I to deny her” a 160 year old man said to himself as he walked deep into a red wood forest. Jackson was a rather tall and pale elf. He was dressed in attire made for being in the deep forest but clearly he screamed wealth and power. However he was a humble man who has done many kind acts with his money. Today he was on his way to see one of the people who he assisted.

“Wonder what is taking her so long, I did mention that I would be here when the sun is at the highest in the sky. I hope nothing dreadful has happened to the poor young lady” he once again said to himself as he sat down on a rock taking in his surroundings. Their meeting spot was in this clearing in the forest, marked with a few fallen trees. Suddenly the ground began to shake periodically, this didn’t surprise him as he looked towards where the tremors were coming from. Suddenly this gigantic woman appeared out of the forest give or take was about 22m tall (75ft). She is a fair skinned woman with a very aggressive feel about her, and she has a large scar on her left cheek. She has messy brown hair that is about shoulder length with jellyfish-blue eyes. Her attire is a tattered gray two-piece clothing that is stitched together and dirty. She was barefoot and had a rather angry expression and was about 54 years old, when she saw Jackson her expression softened up.

“Is something the matter you looked quite upset for a second there, if I didn’t know you I would have been terrified” he jokingly said to Demi. She would respond with a slight giggle and carefully walked towards him, reached down to pick him up and placed him in the palm of her hand.

“Look old man, it's not easy living out here, I just failed a hunt and I’m bummed out. Sorry for being late sometimes I get lost in the hunt” she said as a matter of fact to him. He just dismissively waved and chuckled.

“It's alright, I get your struggles believe me and old man?” he once again chuckled “For my race I’m merely a child and for you well you're just a baby” he jokingly retorted.

“Shut it old man, would a baby be this big?” she snapped back playfully at him. “Let's get down to business. I owe you my life and you gave me a second chance at it, I have to repay you. I know you have all the wealth you would ever need but surely there is something I can offer. You figured something out since you came, right? “ she pleaded with him. He would sign a bit and know she was a bit right, what could a Giant offer to him a rich Elf. Truth be told this took him weeks to build up enough courage to even consider this repayment.

“As we both know Giants are rare and you are rather large for your kind as well, I would like to just gather data on you” he muttered out quickly.

“You're not gonna make me a lab rat are you?” she looked at him with a bit of skepticism, with those words she was slightly regretting this but would wait to see what else he would say. He took a deep breath and resumed.

“No it's quite simple, it's just an endurance test, I want to see your limits and slowly chart how they grow with you. You're much larger than most Giants I have seen and you're only in your 50s when your race has been known to live thousands of years.” he stated as a matter of fact.

“Oh that is it? You wanna see how fast or strong I am at my best? Prepare to be impressed. I will not disappoint my kind.'' Now she was fired up but this motivation would waver once Jackson said this.

“We will tackle those things on a later date, today’s limit test will be to see how long you can avoid going to the bathroom” he said this phrase quickly, and her expression went from happy to confused. This was not the type of test she was expecting but in her mind this is a limit, truth be told she didn’t know due to just going wherever she wanted in the forest.

“Uhh all right? You do know it may take a long time for that to happen…but I don’t know my limits there. What a weird first test but easy enough. So should I go now then?” she said pointing towards the forest. Jackson nodded and he was placed on the ground.

“So what about you old man gonna camp out here or want to hang out with me?” she said looking down at him, even though she towered over the elf he was in control with this arrangement.

“For the sake of you not cheating I will accompany you on what you do daily. I can use this to record more data” he responded.

“Pffft your funeral old man, hope you can keep up with the wilderness” she said dismissively as she walked out of view to pop a squat. Having had some manners due to being associated with Jackson but had no issues with peeing in the forest, not like any toilet would fit her. She didn’t need to go as much but with the deed being done she would walk back to Jackson who was writing down a few notes.

“Already taking notes?” she would ask to pick him up and placed him on her shoulder, with that would begin to walk her usual route.

“Of course I am, and the first one is I’m glad you still have manners even if you act like a savage” he teased her, which she responded by sticking her tongue out at him then. The rest of the day went without a hitch, bad for her since there were no other large creatures showing up for her to hunt down. Annoyed, she would simply fill her stomach up with water from rivers. This is something she would normally do if her hunts fail and for once it was relevant to the task at hand.

“It has been about 13 hours since you went, can you describe what you're feeling?” he said as he took out a pen and notebook, which she scoffed at.

“Look unlike you smaller creatures, a few hours of not going is nothing to me, I do not feel a thing. While you made me stop like 2 times I can keep going. Just to prove a point” she would resume drinking river water, large amounts even for her. After about a few minutes of drinking she would fall back on her butt and let out a loud belch, rubbing her now swollen stomach.” Ugh I may have overdone it feeling like crap now”

“You know that was not necessary but who am I to stop you” he said as he was buried in his notebook. “Why not rest up so you can be ready for hunting at night potentially, running around with a stomach like that will surely make you vomit” he suggested. She glared at him but he was right, feeling sick and would cause her to move sluggish. Those words caused her to just lay down where she was and closed her eyes. This shocked Jackson, a Giant who took his advice when it came to moving about in the forest, taking note of this he would climb up high in the trees and get up a small camp there. He would open up a book and use this to pass the time and look over the notes he took.

It would be about 24 hours ever since Demi took a piss all the water she had drunk since then sloshed inside her cavernous bladder, however it didn’t make a dent in it. At some point during the night she had gotten up having heard a large creature nearby, now fully recovered her skills would take hold. Jackson was fast asleep when she did this and would wake up to a nice surprise. It was morning and Jackson woke up, having a wonderful night's rest. He may be a rich posh elf but his roots are always the forest so he felt right at home. Looking down was shocked to see Demi who was slowly eating a gigantic snake, she would wave up at him.

“Well well looks like your hunt worked out. I must say I am impressed” he praised her and caused her to blush. “Now do you still feel anything based on my sense of time? It's been 32 hours any creature would be begging for mercy at this point” he teased her.

“Look this is really nothing old man I hope you have no plans for anything you may be here for days!” she said with a grin “As a matter of fact!” she placed down her meal and would drink a bit more water. Unknown to Jackson she would shudder slightly as her bladder was filled with 32 hours worth of piss. This was an unknown feeling to her while not urgent drinking water made the need spike. “What?! Already this is silly I shouldn’t be even feeling this!” she thought to herself.

“So shall we carry about your day? After I get some of your food?” he pleaded with her as he climbed down, snake meat is something he hasn’t had in a while.

“Yeah sure” she said while looking down slightly at her stomach, it wasn’t swollen at all but unknown to her it would reach a point she didn’t think was possible.

