Total Control

Author: Nonymouse

*000*2020-05-01 18:59

I'm mostly a lurker here but I really enjoy some of the stories. It's been a long time since I wrote anything of my own, so I hope you enjoy this short story. Please be warned it gets a little kinky.

###

Total Control

Drew lived for his next conquest, but he was starting to wonder if Marie had changed something deep within him. Drew was almost a stereotypical English gentleman: big house in the country, drove an Aston Martin, enjoyed polo--except that he also enjoyed the hell out of full bladders, desperation and (whisper it) wetting.

None of the women he'd entertained so far had shared that fetish.

To entertain himself, Drew invited Marie to his sprawling country house for the weekend. Just them and a skeleton staff. They had been dating for the last two months, nothing but cuddles, fine dining, and long talks over a bottle of wine. This time he wanted to go further. So he'd find out soon enough whether she was into his kind of control. Drew suspected Marie would run a mile as soon as she found out he wanted total control of her. But there was only one way to try.

Marie knew what to expect from a weekend with Drew--cuddles, domination, good food, fine wine. In truth, she needed the domination most. Marie was a woman on the edge. Her childhood had been on the difficult side, her love life fairly barren, her job a stressful one. To cope, Marie kept herself under the tightest of control. Both in mind and body. It wasn't unusual for her to ignore the twinges of her bladder, for example, until she was on the edge of desperation. Maybe that's how she gave herself a shy bladder. Or maybe it was back to the control issue. Either way, Marie felt extremely brittle these days. A weekend with Drew was just what she needed--but could she submit, or would he break her?

She arrived at his house with an annoyingly full bladder, but that was par for the course. Marie hated a public bathroom. Marie had to admit she could barely go anywhere, except in the comfort of her own home. Another control thing. She secretly wished Drew could break her of that. That she could grow to trust someone else as she never before had.

"Hello, darling." Drew opened the door when she knocked and gave her a quick, possessive once-over that made her melt a little. Marie pulled herself together, the twinge of her full bladder keeping her sharp.

"Hi," she whispered, and allowed him to escort her inside. His house was all old-fashioned charm, with tapestries on the wooden walls, flagstoned floors, and a mile-long driveway. "Where's your butler?" she asked.

"Keeping a low profile. I only need the cleaners this weekend," Drew replied absently, making Marie wonder. She was growing increasingly uncomfortable, but there was no way she'd tell Drew that she needed to use the bathroom. She could hold on, anyway. His touch made her shiver as he looped a casual arm around her waist, marching her along on a quick tour of his house. Marie had only seen his London apartment--an austere and no-nonsense two bedroom place at the top of a tall building.

Drew gave Marie a tour of the house, feeling the way her hips moved underneath his hand. By the way she occasionally squirmed, he was either turning her on or she had to pee. He hoped for both, but Drew had run into a lot of women for whom that kind of thing was a hard limit. The best he'd ever gotten were a few women who consented to ask to go to the bathroom.

And yet, none of them had seemed so on the edge as Marie. Drew was starting to suspect she needed him--needed him to break her in order to remold herself as who she truly was. He saw the needy woman underneath her semi-polished exterior. She needed control, domination--maybe even a touch of humiliation. Casually, he led her to the fridge and poured a tall glass of orange juice. "Ice?" he inquired.

"No thanks." Marie took the glass. She was very thirsty. On the way here, she'd had a cup of coffee and a bottle of water. Now her mouth was parched. She drank it all, and as she finished, Drew took the glass from her and murmured, "Good girl." She thrilled to that, his dark, demanding praise in her ear, and tamped down the need in her bladder.

Drew continued his tour. He deliberately stayed away from the bathrooms. He was starting to think that Marie had to go. Would she ask to use the facilities? She didn't seem like the type of woman who would do that. She seemed more the type to quietly, embarassedly slip out of the back so that nobody noticed her. She'd probably go to the furthest bathroom she could find, so that nobody heard her. In Drew's fantasy, women let go whenever they needed to-well, with his PERMISSION, first. Control was paramount. So were cleaners, but that was by the by. Drew liked his fun. The question was, would Marie?

He sensed the increased quiver in her body, and knew he had to keep her close. "How about a movie?" he suggested casually, and when she nodded, he snagged a big bottle of water and led her into the movie room. Unbeknownst to Marie, the comfiest couch here was padded in case of accidents. Drew had never found a woman who'd consented to pee for him, to utterly lose control, ideally all over him, waiting on his permission to go... so the couch was pristine, unused.

He settled atop it and pulled Marie onto his lap.

Marie tried not to wriggle as Drew selected a movie. She'd done this a number of times--she felt safe cuddling with Drew. But this time, she really had to pee. And excusing herself was utterly out of the question. Her pride forbade it.

"What's your safeword?" Drew asked casually.

"Picasso."

"And your warning word?"

"Yellow," Marie said a little breathlessly. She hoped she would be able to keep her underwear white. So far, she hadn't leaked. Hadn't broken the seal. Then Drew placed the mouth of the water bottle against her lips and ordered, "Drink." She didn't want to deny him.

Drew chose an action movie and settled in for two hours of sheer bliss. As Marie wriggled in his lap, he leaned forward and whispered, "Uncomfortable?" He wanted to see if she would admit to needing to pee.

"No," came her stoic response, and he felt her settle against his hard thigh. But her breath caught. So did his. Was he going to do it finally? Was he going to make a woman utterly lose control of herself? He promised he would put her together again afterward, and stroked her arms lightly, until she shivered.

"Something wrong?" he asked later, as she ground hard against him.

"N-no," Marie managed. Men with guns ran around on the large screen ahead of her, but she barely saw them. The all-consuming need to pee kept her eyes blurry. And yet still she couldn't bring herself to ask to use the facilities. It was a strange combination of pride and shyness. She was almost relieved when Drew grabbed her and turned her around. "Something's wrong," he pronounced. "There's something you're not telling me."

Marie tossed her head. "I said I'm fine and I am."

"Hmm." Drew ran a hand down her belly, unfastening her jeans. He dipped one hand into her underwear and pulled it down entirely.

"Wh-what are you doing?" Marie stammered as he undressed her.

"Treating you like the baby you are. Big girls ask for what they need."

Drew pulled out a diaper, relishing Marie's gasp, the blush of humiliation along her cheeks. Would this do it? Would it make her admit she needed the bathroom out loud? But her pride held. Drew tucked the diaper around her crotch and pulled the tapes closed over a very obviously-full bladder. "Need to pee?" he inquired.

"NO," Marie snapped, and settled her padded bottom against him, turning to watch the movie sullenly. In truth, her heart was pounding. This was what she needed--this right here. Control, dominance, a touch of humiliation. Of course she would be allowed to use the bathroom. Drew would break before her. And once he broke, once she sadly won agaisnt him, she would need to find a new man. One who had the dominance to control every aspect of her.

Drew eased the water bottle against Marie's lips again and watched her swallow, felt her waist move from side to side as she sought to escape the now-urgent need to pee. It would come soon--she would leap off his lap and run for the nearest bathroom.

But she didn't.

Marie passed the point of no return when the movie was nearly done. Everything in her twinged, needing release. She felt Drew's hands turn her so that she faced him, and yet all she could do was grimly hold on. If he asked her what she needed, her pride would be too great to admit anything.

"Go," Drew commanded.

"What?" Marie hadn't expected that.

"Pee," he said. "You obviously have to, and I don't want to lose the pleasure of your company even for one second. I command you to go. Now."

"I'm... I don't have to."

"Liar." His hand came up to cup her face, turning it side to side. "Remember how you promised your body was mine? Do you need to use the safe word?"

"No safe word," Marie whispered. By now, she was sweating and her thighs were moving on their own. She crossed them--hard--and stared in defiance. Surely now he would break and take her to the bathroom--she would win this on her own terms. SHE would be in control.

"Very well." Drew folded his arms behind his head, allowing Marie to see his obvious excitement, and waited for the inevitable.

"D-Drew... I can't..."

"Can't what?"

"H-hold it anymore." Just admitting those three words cost Marie a lot, he could see.

"Like I said, babe. Relax. Submit to my will. You have a diaper on, what's to worry about?" He paused, eyes glittering. "Except your pride. Your control. Give it up to me. Give it all up."

Now was the moment. She hung on, desperate gaze flitting to the door. If she ran, she would wet herself anyway--but crucially, she would prove herself unwilling to give in. Drew held his breath.

Marie stayed. First a tiny spurt escaped, and then another. She whimpered, afraid, and that was when Drew rubbed her back. "It's okay," he murmured. "Let go for me. Prove you--everything of you--is at MY beck and command. Wet for me. Now, Marie."

Marie didn't know whether it was his command or her bladder finally giving up, but she released with a moan of "Aaahhh," the relief so intense it made her eyes tear up. Countless drinks seemed to course through her. And yet Marie managed to stop herself, clamping down on the stream with a full-body shudder.

"I can't," she moaned again. What if the diaper leaked all over Drew's freshly-pressed khakis? All over the couch? Marie began to cry, and Drew's hands came up to soothe her. "What if I leak?" she sobbed.

"If you leak, you leak," Drew said pragmatically, although he secretly hoped she would.

"Why are you doing this?" Marie managed.

"I want to dominate every part of you. Every. Part." Drew traced a hand down her, finger dipping into her wet, half-used diaper. "If I say pee, you DO it whether you have protection or not. Whether you're in bed with me, sitting on my lap naked, or in the middle of a dinner party. Do you understand?"

"I ... I don't know if I can," Marie whimpered. But she wanted to. Oh did she want to.

"I'll clean you up afterward just as I would comfort any sub," Drew continued relentlessly. "But you must obey me."

"I... want to," Marie whispered. "I really do." And yet her bladder quivered. Until his hand came up to rub her back.

"It's okay," Drew encouraged, a frown marring his forehead. "Babe, you're going to hurt yourself if you keep withholding. Come on, pee for me. Just let go, hmm? The couch is protected. I need to protect you, now."

"Oh," Marie whimpered, looking down. But Drew forced her head back up.

"Look me in the eyes when you pee," he commanded. One hand held her chin firm. The other stroked her back encouragingly. "Now," he ordered.

Something within Marie gave way for the first time in her life. Her bladder spasmed, and she let go with a gasp. She peed for what seemed like ages, totally soaking the diaper and leaving a circular wet mark on Drew's trousers. And still he smiled at her, urging her on. When she finally stopped, he made a low, pleased sound. "All done?"

"Not... sure. Oh." Another spasm hit, and the last of it came leaking out so that Marie blushed in embarassment. "I've made you all wet..."

"Just the way I like it." Drew scooped her up in his arms, nestling her soaking wet rear end against him. "Gonna go get us cleaned up now, fresh and ready for a long weekend ahead of us."

Marie murmured exhausted assent, letting her forehead droop against his chest as he carried her into the shower. This was going to be a very interesting weekend indeed. One that would make or break them.

