Maddy and Kirsten Part One

Author: need2g0

*000*2023-06-28 04:30

Kirsten has always been jealous of her step-sister Maddy. Today she is going to get revenge. Or Kirsten becomes her “golden” sister’s bladder master.

“Come on Maddy! Let Me in!” Kirsten begged from outside the bathroom door. She was shaking the knob with one hand while keeping the other shoved between her thighs, legs trembling with the effort it took to withhold her throbbing bladder. Small spurts had already begun to spray into her baby pink underwear and she whimpered quietly, hoping her sister wouldn’t hear.

“I’m going to be a while,” Maddy called.

This always happened. Maddy, a petite blonde cheerleader, was the most popular girl at their school and she took hours to get ready for parties every weekend. There was only one bathroom in the house so Kirsten was always left bursting. Kirsten knocked again before being forced to double over and thrust both hands underneath her skirt. She struggled for a moment, trying to get the best grip possible so she wouldn’t make a mess on the floor. Kirsten moaned a little too loud and she heard Maddy chuckle.

“How do you like this, you baby?” Maddy teased, turning on the faucet full force as she applied her makeup.

“Shit!” Kirsten’s voice cracked and her eyes rolled back. A warm spirt filled her hands.

“Maddy, Please! I’m begging you.”

Maddy only continued to take her time. She was wearing a thin white bikini that went accentuated the tan she’d gotten from her recent beach vacation (which had been a birthday gift from her parents and excluded Kirsten) and made her breast bulge. She wore a tight red skirt as a cover-up and matched it with red heels. She could hear Kirsten grunting from the other side of the door and snickered. She decided to take an extra five minutes to take selfies to send to her boyfriend.

Maddy wasn’t supposed to be going out tonight, but her parents weren’t home, so she thought she could get away with it, and maybe have a little fun with Kirsten before she left since there was no one to stop her from being cruel.

“Oh God! Oh God! Please, Maddy! I’ll do anything!” She heard Kirsten call.

Maddy videoed herself. First, she turned so the camera captured her perky butt then leaned forward and pushed her shoulders together to accentuate her boobs. She slowly unlocked the door and pointed the camera at Kirsten. Her face was red and she was nearly in tears, doubled over on the floor and clutching herself desperately.

“Hey guys,” she addressed her fifty thousand Instagram followers, “My step sisters such a little girl that she can’t even hold her pee for a couple of hours.”

Maddy stood between Kiresten and the entrance to the bathroom. Kirsten was still kneeling over, unable to fight back because she couldn’t take her hands away from their place between her thighs. Maddy laughed and placed her heel gently against Kirsten's stomach. Panic filled Kirsten’s eyes. Maddy slowly added more pressure until Kirsten was withering under her.

“Oh God,” Kirsten sobbed, “it’s coming out.”

A car honked and Maddy looked out the window, noticing her boyfriend's car.

“Oh, well,” she snapped the camera back up to her face and smiled with her pearly white teeth, “time to go.”

Kirsten sprinted to the bathroom the second her step-sister was out of her way. She sat on the toilet and before she could even pull down her jeans or underwear, a hot stream of pee had already burst through them, soaking the fabric entirely. Kirsten screamed with pleasure. It felt so good she had to lean her back against the toilet, and her legs were twitching by the time she was done.

When Kirsten had finally come to her senses she pulled out her phone and saw the video Maddy had posted. Kirsten’s face flushed with anger. Maddy was going to regret that video by the end of the night if Kirsten had anything to do with it.

*001*2023-06-28 04:38

PART TWO

After five beers, Maddy was waiting in line for the toilets when her mom called her.

“Madeline!” her mother snapped, “What do you think you’re doing at a party when you are grounded? I’m sending Kirsten to come pick you up and I’ll be home by the time you arrive. You are in so much trouble, young lady.”

Maddy rolled her eyes and hung up. She sighed in relief when she noticed it was her turn to use the restroom. She was shuffling her legs back and forth with need but had not yet begun to clutch herself like Kirsten had. She wasn’t a little girl. As Maddy stepped forward, Kirsten grabbed her arm.

“Wait, just let me go first,” Maddy said more desperately than she’d intended.

“Not a chance. Your moms going to have my ass if I don’t get you home right now.”

Their house was thirty minutes away from the party. Ten minutes into the ride, Maddy began to feel the tight string of her white bikini expand against her bulging stomach. The bikini was slightly damp, as it had dried from her time in the pool, and it felt like torture against her aching *****. She balled her hands into fists at the top of her skirt, not wanting Kirsten to know how badly she needed to go. She was regretting wearing the skirt now, as it was digging into her sensitive bladder. Fifteen minutes into the ride, Maddy put her dignity aside and said,

“Kirsten, to be honest, I’ve never had to pee this bad in my life. Could we pull over?”

Kirsten grinned. She sped up a little bit and hit a speed bump, causing Maddy to gasp and clutch tighter into her skirt so it rode up, it was the only way she could keep her hands from flying to her *****.

“Of course, I can stop somewhere,” Kirsten said.

“Oh, thank God,” Maddy sighed as Kirsten pulled into the nearest rest stop. The nearness of relief intensified Maddy's need to go and she couldn’t stop herself from grinding a bit into her seat. Her legs were shaking by the time they pulled into the parking spot and Maddy’s hand shot to the handle, trying to open the door. The sound of Kirsten locking it sent shivers down Maddy’s spine. She could see the restroom from the window and her body screamed.

“I said I would pull over, not that I would let you pee,” she grinned. Kirsten leaned over and placed her hand against Maddy’s stomach. The normally flat skin was distended and the slightest touch of Kirsten’s hand forced Maddy’s legs to clamp together.

“I’m going to get us some drinks, and if I see you even step toward the inside of this gas station, I’m telling your mom that I found you having sex with your boyfriend when I came to pick you up,” she instructed as she gave Maddy’s rounded bladder a rough pat. Maddy gulped, but maintained her poise, refusing to show any sign of intense desperation in front of Kirsten.

The second Kirsten was out of eyesight Maddy twisted like a pretzel, rocking slightly and allowing one tear to pass her eyes. Maddy wasn’t sure she’d be able to stop holding herself when Kirsten returned. Kirsten reentered the car with a large Icee. Maddy, torturously, moved her hands and clenched her bladder muscles. Her entire body was shaking as she gave Kirsten a faux-disgusted glare.

“You’re going to get even fatter drinking those things,” she shot.

Kirsten’s eyes lit up.

“Oh, I’m not drinking it, you are.”

“I can’t possibly! I’m already bursting!” Maddy cried.

“Well, I’m not starting this car until you drink the whole thing. Besides it shouldn’t be so hard. You are a big girl after all. Your bladder is so much stronger than mine. In fact, I had to pee while I was inside and it felt sooo good.”

Maddy huffed and took the drink, finishing it all in under three minutes. Kirsten checked the cup then nodded and started the car. When they were ten minutes away from the house, Maddy could feel the drink start to hit her bladder. She moved her bikini bottoms aside and pressed her heels into her bare ***** as hard as she could without Kirsten noticing. She started rocking again. When they arrived at their house, Maddy rushed inside before Kirsten could stop her.

“Excuse me? Where are you headed?” Maddy’s mom asked from the kitchen table.

Maddy sprinted to the bathroom. Well, actually, she hobbled as fast as she could with her fists lodged between her legs.

“Bathroom,” Maddy puffed out hurriedly. She clutched the door handle only to find it wouldn’t budge.

“Madeline! Come here this instant. I need to have a chat with you.”

“Oooh, but Mom, can’t I just pee first.”

Maddy’s mom raised an eyebrow.

“Well, actually, that’s part of your punishment. Alcohol is a natural diuretic, and you weren’t supposed to be drinking anything tonight, so I am going to act like you didn’t. There will be no bathroom allowance for you until I say so young lady.”

