Desperate Times (A Poem)

Author: Noot

*000*2021-08-27 04:00

Wanted to try something different! I'm no poet and have never written a poem before so this won't be perfect, but let's see how it goes. I also don't write much male omo, hopefully this is good for those of you who like it!

###

Midday; the centre bustling

Thousands swarm these city streets

Stretching outside the bathroom

Is a line, a hundred feet

I groan- inside, I know

My only option is to queue

I join the line, but I'm still

Twenty minutes from the loo

But there's no other option

After all, that's how things are!

I really should have used the loo

Before I left the bar

And so I stand there, fidgeting

And watch the crawling line

I cross my legs and tap my toes,

Pretending I'm still fine

Ten minutes later, and I'm forced

To admit I was wrong

The line is moving, slow enough,

And I can't wait that long!

My bladder feels about to burst

As heavy as a rock

It's taking all my self-control

To not just squeeze my cock

So I escape that lengthy queue

I feel like I could cry

I look around for some idea

To keep my boxers dry

When suddenly, in desperation

Something comes to me

I may have just found one last way

That I could safely wee

I rush across the road

Into a crowded corner shop

I grab a water bottle, pay,

And fast! Unscrew the top

Without a second more to waste

I pour it down the drain

There's naught I wouldn't do by now

To take away this pain

So, empty bottle in one hand,

I waddle down the road

I know just where I need to go

To empty out this load

And there! The first one that I see

A clothing store, ahead

I slip inside, my bladder bulging

Cheeks flushed deep and red

The walk across the shop

Feels like approaching certain doom

My knees are weak; I barely make it

To the changing room

And just before I start to leak

I pull the curtain closed

I set the bottle on the bench

And wrestle with my clothes

I haven't made it, I can feel

My boxers turning wet

I cannot stop the leak

But still, I can't just give up yet

And finally, I get the button

With seconds to spare

I reach in and remove my member

From my underwear

It's just too late, I couldn't hold it

I'm already going

But with some luck, I've done enough

To stop the wet patch showing

I aim my cock into the bottle

As the stream gets flowing

If I can stop an overflow

There's just no way of knowing

A relieved sigh escapes my lips

I lean against the wall

I can but hope that nobody

Hears noises in this stall

Eventually, the stream dies down

The bottle's full of wee

I shake the last few drops away

Get dressed again,

And flee.

