A Distracted Presentation

Author: navesink01

*000*2020-07-23 09:43

I invite you to accompany me on a day when I am to make a policy speech at a meeting and you agreed. It is an important gathering of people I wish to influence for a cause upon which I was working. I put a lot of time and effort into the preparation, and while I had done hundreds of such presentations, this one was making me anxious. So, I was quite glad that I would have a friend in the audience.

We arranged to meet for breakfast, in advance. I gave you the address and then made my way there upon waking the next morning. I was the first to arrive and was seated. You entered the room shortly thereafter. I looked up and became aroused. You were were wearing the dress I liked, which reveled a healthy amount of cleavage and came to slightly above the knee. You wore knee lengthy boots, and underneath those boots, I could immediately detect that you wore knee socks. I was then immediately sure, although I could not yet confirm that you wore the underwear that I liked, as I concluded that you had decided to dress to make my horny.

You took your seat as if all was normal. It was far from normal for me, but we were in public and decorum needed to be met. I arose to great you to my table.

, although my body was not the only thing that was standing at attention. You extended your hand and there was a flirtatious smile on your face. I took your hand and grasped it and guided you to your seat. I otherwise was reserved and was careful not to publicly display any undue affection.

You consumed a copious amount of liquid during our breakfast. Included was a full glass of water, a full glass of juice and three cups of coffee. It began to dawn on me what you were doing. On the surface we conversed about many things, none of them sexual, and we certainly did not make any reference at all to the things you were in the process of doing to drive me crazy. Appearances did need to be maintained and we had no idea as to who might be listening to us. All I know was that my mind and heart had begun to race.

We concluded breakfast. I paid the bill and we got up to leave. I expected, given your consumption, that you would have excused yourself. However, you did no such thing. We exited the building and I hailed a cab. I opened the rear door to allow you to get in. It is at the moment that you got into the back seat that my suspicion was confirmed. You gave me able opportunity to see up your skirt and I seized that visual moment. You, of course, were wearing cotton panties. They were of a pastel color, rose to be precise. I also distinctly saw a very small wet patch. OMG.

I got into the cab next to you. You then leaned over and whispered in my ear, that you really needed to pee, and that, in fact, some may have come out in your panties. i was wild with lust, but was now a bit annoyed as well. "you know that that may speech is very important! What are you trying to do to me?!" You just gave me a very devilish grin. I wanted to admonish you and fuck you at the same time. Any thought of being frisky with you in the cab was mentally dismissed as it was broad daylight. Also, I certainly needed to get my head in the game.

Although the cab ride was short, you did put on a show. you crossed your legs and began to pump your leg, knowing full well that as to how I would interpret what you were doing. You reached down and adjusted your knee socks, pulling both of them a bit higher. You were killing me.

We got out of the cab and immediately I got drawn into meeting people. I introduced you to t a few people, but we soon had to separate. I tried to be in the moment, as I had to engage with several people before my speech. However, I was also highly aroused and flustered as a result.

Within 30 minutes, I mounted the podium and move to the center to address the audience. When I looked out to the audience, you were sitting there right in front. You saw me see you and you immediately mouthed the words, "I still need to pee." OMG, you are so damned naughty. Your legs were crossed and again, you reached down and pulled up your knee socks.

I somehow made it through the speech. I forced myself not to look at you. Following the speech, there were more to follow and I had to sit there on the platform. My eyes wondered back to you, as I sat there. You put on a very delicious show. You crossed and recrossed your legs and did some discreet squirming. You maintained a very discreet manner and only you and I knew was was happening. I nearly came in my pants. I had to think of something else, as I could not cum in my pants and, I had to soon stand up. Through utter concentration, I got myself in order and was able to not embarrass myself when I did have to stand.

We arrived at a break. I had to mingle. Eventually, I was able to leave the room.

You were immediately in tow. I was both very cross with you and highly aroused. I pull you in a room, close and lock the door. It was an empty conference room with chairs arranged around a conference table. I sternly admonish you for your behavior. I then sit and pull you across my knee. I lift up your skirt and began to swat your bottom. I give you five good swats, thoroughly enjoying the feel of my hand landing on your cotton panties. However, you know that by the feel of the hard on now sticking in your abdomen. Not satisfied that you are really feel the wrath of my ire, I then pull down your panties. I see that the wet spot has grown a little larger, but not by much. You certainly did manage to contain all that pee, all morning long. I then began to swat your now exposed rear end, quite hard and it became redder with each swat. You begged me to stop, complaining that you had to pee and that my spanking might cause it to come out.

After about twenty wacks, you managed to keep everything under control. It was I who was out of control. We were both snapped back into reality as we heard the door being jingled, as someone attempted to enter the room. It was looked of course, but we immediately had to compose ourselves. Who knew if that person had a key.

You stood up, yanked off your panties and placed them in my hand. you then composed yourself and left the room. I stuffed the panties and attempted to compose myself, as I had to go back into the room, mount the stage and participate in a round table discussion. How was I ever going to do that?

I left you with a very full bladder, sans your panties, as I headed back into the conference to participate in a panel discussion. The panties, which had been moistened with what could be some pee, or maybe some sexual lubrication, or both, where now in my pants pocket. I was wildly horny and I had to duck into a corner to adjust myself. I had to straighten out my erection so that it stood straight up and not straight out. I needed to immediately look presentable.

I took the stage and took my seat. You took yours too, right in the front row. It was obvious, in how quickly you followed me, that you did not detour, in any way, to mitigate your predicament.

The panel included three others and a moderator. Although there were significant gaps of time where I did not speak, it was imperative that I pay attention.

Your presence, in your predicament, was not at all helpful. I was getting to be quite cross with you. I was, out of my mind, horny, and I could not show it.

You continued to act, like you did, before the break. You continued to squirm in your seat and cross and recross your legs. You continued to tease me mercilessly. Worst of all, you paid very close attention to all on stage and knew when to strike, knowing full well that I was always keeping you in sight. When you sensed the others where looking elsewhere, you would slowly uncross your legs and give me a very clear shot up your skirt. Omg, I nearly came in my pants.

There was more than once where I had to have a question repeated. I suspect some even thought there was something wrong with me. I knew I was sweating and must have looked flush. I was struggling, to say the least.

The session, mercifully, came to an end and the program moved on to another speaker. I immediately went into the audience and, somewhat roughly and abruptly, grabbed you by the arm and all but dragged you out of the auditorium. Although I was trying to act in a manner that did not draw undue attention, I an afraid I was indeed overacting and drawing attention.

I dragged you into the hallway and down the corridor to the elevators. I did not speak a word to you. I was a bit of a mess, both full of lust and more than a bit cross. I was going to teach you a lesson and you knew what was coming. You began to whimper.

When the elevator door closed, i pushed you up against the wall and rapidly slipped my hand up under your skirt. My finger, first one finger, and then the other, entered you. I sternly said, "you humiliated me, and now you are going to learn your lesson."

Before I could do much in the way of digital stimulation, the elevator reached its destination, and I withdrew my hand as rapidly as I inserted it.

I dragged you out of the elevator, a bit more roughly as there was no longer an audience. Down the hallway I marched you until we were outside the room. I insisted the key card and opened the door. I then swept you off your feet and on to the bed. I immediately dove in between your legs. You tried to kick me off and voiced protests about having to pee very badly and not wanting to wet the bed. I cut you off in your protests and stated that if you played games then games would be played on you with all the attendant consequences.

I then reinserted both my fingers in your pussy and immediately began torturing your g-spot by making "cum hither" movements with my curled fingers. I also began torturing your pee filled pussy with my tongue. I licked your lips and teased your clit with passing strokes, slowly, giving it more and more the attention it craved. With my other hand, I pressed down on your lower abdomen, also causing increased urgency. I then incorporated sucking, gentle biting and kissing of your clit, as I continually changed up the sensation. You did not know what you would feel next, other than the unimaginable urge to pee. You had not idea whether you would pee or cum, or do both. The pressure was unbelievable. I played you like a musical instrument. I backed off as soon as you approached the edge. I did this repeatedly. The peaks and valleys were getting shorter and shorter. It was very intense.

Just when I sensed that orgasm denial was not going to be sustained anymore, I moved away from you. I then dragged you on my knee and yanked up your skirt. I then said that I hope you were learning your lesson about playing with fire. I then began to administer your punishment. I began to spank your bare bottom until it was very red. Your kept pleading me to stop as it was going to cause you to pee.

After twenty good swats, I felt that you had enough punishment. I also was quite impressed with your ability to hold. I sat you up on the bed. I stood over you. I spoke gently. I explained why I was so upset. You could barely pay attention to my words, you had to either cum or pee so bad. I gently touched your face and brushed your hair. You looked so beautiful. I played with your hair. I loved my hand to your shirt, which was still on. I unbuttoned it slowly. I hugged you and kissed you on your lips.

I moved my kisses lower on your body. I unclasped your lacy bra and I fondled your breasts. My kissing moved to your breasts. I licked and kissed your nipples. You were panting due the many signals your body was sending. The stimulation of your nipples was not helping. I pushed you back on the bed and then moved between your legs again. I finished you off with my mouth and my fingers. Your orgasm was very intense, followed immediately by my trusting my hard cock into you and thrusting hard and fast with all the pent up energy the last few hours of excitement had caused. My orgasm was as intense as yours.

As we embraced on a now very wet bed, we both felt spent, but very good.

