Jenny

Author: Noot

*010*2021-07-13 20:41

Jenny woke up and, for a few sweet seconds, found that she had forgotten everything about the previous few days. She thought not of the disaster at Disneyland, nor of the pointing fingers and shocked faces that had followed them, it felt, all the way back to the hotel. She had no recollection of the shameful, near-silent flight home. It was her bed, in her house, and everything was just as it had been for years: perfect.

Then she remembered. It wasn’t a normal day. It was, all things considered, the start of the end of her career. She’d been caught doing something that nobody got away with, at least not without a serious hit to their reputation. Lower-level influencers could get away with something like this, but when it was her name on the video title, what had happened was YouTube trending material. No doubt it already had hundreds of thousands of views. Sophia’s involvement only made things more grave, because it meant the American audience would be drawn in too, even if they hadn’t heard of Jennifer Mártez.

Keira was already in the dawn-lit kitchen by the time Jenny stumbled downstairs. In fact, it looked like she hadn’t slept at all since they’d arrived in the night. Jenny’s agent was hunched over her laptop at the breakfast table, half a mug of coffee by her side. Limp, dishevelled hair was brushed vaguely to one side, leaving those wide, focused eyes uncovered. She barely glanced up when Jenny looked in.

“Morning”.

Jenny couldn’t even bring herself to reply. She went to the fridge to pour herself a glass of orange juice, then remembered that they had nothing fresh in. She’d been away a while. Instead, she pulled up one polished wooden stool and took a seat opposite. For a time they sat in silence, and the only noise was the frantic, furious tapping of fingers on Keira’s keyboard. Jennifer had a state-of-the-art computer in her studio down the hall, but Keira worked on a battered 2005 model that had more viruses than keys. Eventually the constricting anxiety was too much.

“How many views?” Jenny asked, barely able to choke the words out.

“Four hundred thousand,” Keira said.

Jenny looked glumly at the clock on her wall. It was somewhere between seven and eight, but she cared little beyond that. The answer had been about as bad as she’d feared, and the last foolish hope that things might be alright disappeared.

“And that’s just YouTube,” she continued, “Twitter is having a field day, and it’s leaked over onto Instagram now too”.

“As long as it’s not on MySpace yet,” Jennifer said dryly. She was already regretting asking.

“This bit will annoy you”. Kiera switched tabs and cleared her throat. “The video is titled Sophia Young and Jenny Martez shitting themselves at Disneyland”.

“That’s not even what happened!” Jenny protested, outraged, “I only pissed”.

“To be fair, two of the top comments did point that out. I don’t know if it’s going to be much help, though”.

“Fuck”. Jenny bowed her head and put her phone on the table, screen down. She hadn’t been able to bring herself to look at it yet. “So I’m screwed, then?”

Keira didn’t answer right away. She was still typing out some email or message, fingers flying at twice the speed Jenny herself could have managed. No doubt she’d been corresponding with Sophia’s representative, looking for some angle that they could work together on this. She didn't reply for so long that Jenny was about to repeat herself, but then suddenly said: "not quite yet".

The words didn't make sense to her. They might as well have come in another language. She could see no way out of the mess they'd created, both literally and metaphorically. Well, Sophia had created most of the mess. But it seemed that the stink had followed them both equally.

Jenny frowned at her agent. "Not quite yet? Does that mean there's something we can do to fix it, or does it just mean we aren't screwed, but we will be in a couple of hours?"

Keira was optimistic by nature- she had to be- but this seemed beyond her.

For the first time, though, she looked up and really saw Jenny. They made eye contact for longer than they had at any time since the accident. And in them, unless Jenny was imagining things, was a genuine sparkle. It seemed the two women had woken up in opposite moods. Where Jenny had given up hope, Keira seemed to be hanging on. Maybe it was because, in a strange way, Keira stood with more to lose. Jenny had savings to keep her more than afloat, for at least a decade. Keira was a woman in a man's industry with no other big clients. She was the captain who would have to go down with the ship.

Rather than be morose, though, she took her fingers off the keyboard. "I've got a plan," she said, "a tweet, to be more specific".

"A tweet?" Jenny was underwhelmed. "What kind?"

"The only kind that might work," Keira shot back, "I've been thinking about it all morning, and talking to Sophia's agent, and he agrees- this is our best shot".

"Show me," Jenny said sceptically. She couldn't figure out what Keira was going for. Say it was faked? Say they were ill? Say it was a prank, or a social experiment? Say they were spiked?" None of it seemed likely to work. There had been too many witnesses, no common illnesses caused healthy women to randomly piss themselves- and besides, it was too big a coincidence- and they'd waited far too long to claim it was some pre-planned publicity stunt. And if they pretended they'd been poisoned, well, the police would get involved, and if the lie was uncovered there would only be further damage done.

Instead of any of those things, the kinds Keira would usually go for, she spun her laptop around.

Twitter was open on it, logged into Jenny's account, and Keira had composed a post without pressing the button to publish it yet- a quote of the video, accompanied by a caption. It was two words long.

Accidents happen!

That was followed by a series of crying laughing emojis. Jennifer stared at it, confused. She wasn't altogether sure she knew what she was looking at. The last thing she'd expected to see was Keira planning to publicise the video further, and from Jenny's own profile no less. She had millions of followers, and half of them were active every day.

"That's our plan?" Jenny asked, dubious, "to say 'accidents happen'?"

Keira nodded excitedly. "Genius, right?"

Slowly, Jenny shook her head. "I mean... no. I don't see how".

Keira got up and crossed the room towards the light switch, which she flicked off. The sun was up well enough now that there was no need to waste any more electricity on light. It was usually only when Keira was in the house that much conservation got done at all around here, but now Jenny was the one who felt conservative, like the best thing they could do would be to roll up into a ball and wait for the worst of it to blow over.

"Jenny, listen to me," came the impatient rebuttal, "we can't run from this. There are no lies we can tell that will convince anyone with a brain. I can't believe I'm saying this, but honesty is the best way forward".

"When have you ever thought honesty was the best way forward before?" Jenny felt like she was talking to an alien who'd taken up residence in Keira's skin, but hadn't quite worked out how to play the role convincingly yet.

"Now. Here. You need to lean into it".

"Lean into it?"

"Normalise it. Act like it's no big deal, and you might just convince people that it's no big deal. We might even be able to play the 'brave woman' angle, make you look like you're making a stand, or some other bullshit".

That sounds more like the Keira I know. "Fine," Jenny said, "press send. It's better than anything I can come up with".

Keira nodded and, with a click of a button, published the tweet. There was a silence. Ten seconds passed. In that time, Jenny knew, hundreds of people would have seen her tweet. Within a minute it would be thousands. Already it was too late to delete the thing and pretend it never happened; one of the harshest lessons Jenny had had to learn about the internet was that nothing could really be taken back anymore.

Notifications started to pop up on the screen, but Jenny had no interest in reading any of them. Some of them would be from fans liking her tweet, no doubt, but plenty more would be comments of mockery, maybe even disgust. She couldn't think about that. There were plenty of much more important things to do.

First, though, Jenny got down from the table and went to the little cupboard that sat in one corner of the room. Opening the door revealed the smallest of Jenny's four bathrooms, this one barely bigger than a broom closet. In theory it was there so that Jenny wouldn't have to walk too far if she needed to go whilst cooking or cleaning, but she rarely did either herself, so the little room was barely used unless she needed to take a leak while her kettle was boiling in the morning. Today, though, she needed somewhere convenient where she could relieve herself without leaving the conversation. It may have been the end of her career, but mornings were still mornings and Jenny always had to pee after getting up.

There was no need to be shy around Keira, so she left the door open, pulled down her pyjama bottoms and took a seat on the cold white plastic.

"So what do we do now?" she asked, as her flow started to tinkle into the water.

"Well, that's the tricky bit," came Keira's voice in reply, "we're going to need to start incorporating this new accident thing into your online persona".

Jenny frowned again. "What will that entail, exactly?"

"Sharing," Keira said simply, "you need to start being more open in your vlogs, and on social media. If you're nonchalant enough you might just be able to convince the world that what happened is barely out of the ordinary". Jenny wasn't a fan of that idea. She was by no means shy around her friends when it came to bodily functions, but sharing that part of her life with millions of strangers, including plenty of creeps, was not something she felt too keen on. Keira seemed to read her mind, because she added "Remember, it won't just be you. Sophia's doing it too. Between the two of you, you might just be influential enough that the public will go with it".

"So where do I start?" Jennifer sighed. She tore off some paper and gave her pussy a lazy wipe.

Keira paused for a few seconds. "Give it a couple of hours," she started, "I need time to gauge the reaction to that tweet we just sent. After, I think you need to make a vlog".

"What kind of vlog?"

"The kind where I'm behind the camera and sitting next to you at the editing table so I know exactly what goes in," Keira said. Those were Jenny's least favourite kind of videos to make, but they were always effective, she had to admit. Keira was excellent at controlling every last detail to make speech sound unfiltered and improvised. Usually Jenny liked to shoot on her own, so she could take as long as she liked getting everything how she liked it and taking breaks whenever she felt like it. But not today.

"And what do you want me to say?" Jenny asked, but she was pretty sure she already knew.

—————————————————————————————————————————————————————

Exactly twenty-four hours after the video broke the internet, Jenny's response went live.

Recording it had been one of the most nerve-wracking experiences of her entire life. Jenny was a veteran of the apology video game, so her instincts were to cry, deflect blame and evoke sympathy. Keira was there to guide her off that path whenever those instincts kicked in, because they went against what Keira was going for. Several times Jenny started talking about how tough school was for her, and each time her agent called cut and got her back on track. It took almost an hour to film the three-minute video, and once it was done Keira sent Jenny away so that she could edit it as quickly and quietly as possible.

For once, she didn't even ask Jenny's permission to show it to the world. Jenny was fine with that. It had taken her some time but she'd finally learned to accept when it was best just to let her friend do her thing. All Jenny could do was sit at the table eating cereal with milk she'd had to go out to get from the corner shop. By then it was past midday. Unable to help herself, she pulled the video up on her phone and took a look at the finished product.

They'd gone through a few drafts of the script for the video, trying to perfect the tone. Keira was searching for a balance somewhere between 'brave pioneer' and 'cool, fun sister'. No matter how many revisions they tried, though, one thing never changed.

"So," video-Jenny said, touching the camera in a way that made it look like she'd filmed it on a budget, "by now, a lot of you have probably seen the video of me and Sophia Young at Disneyland". This was the strategy the two women had settled on, in allegiance with Sophia and her agent: total honesty. Well, almost total. “And no, it’s not fake… I really did wet myself”.

The Jenny on the screen was smiling modestly as she told the story. Jenny always thought her smiles to the camera looked fake, but nobody else seemed to be able to tell. "We went out there to film some videos for you guys, and we were having so much fun that we didn't have time to go to the toilet!" She laughed there, a laugh which they'd practiced a few times to get it just right. "So I wanted to make this video just to make sure nobody got the wrong idea. No, I didn't do it on purpose, it was just an accident".

Jenny watched as the video played out, barely remembering recording some of it. She had to admit, Keira had done a masterful job at making the whole thing sound natural and understated. Relatability was the greatest weapon in the YouTuber arsenal, and Jenny had grown very good at it, but it needed good editing to really sell the act.

The rest of the script continued in much the same vein. First, Jenny went on to detail exactly what had led to the accidents. She'd wanted to include a line telling viewers that the bathroom lines at Disneyland had been unreasonably long that day, but Keira had forbidden it, saying that such a claim would be easily disproven by other people who had been there. Instead Jenny admitted that they'd made a bad decision to join a long line without using the toilet first, how she'd held it throughout the ride and how, eventually, it had all been too much.

But that was only the first half of her confession. From there, with encouragement and more than a little threatening from Keira, Jenny told the camera that it hadn't been her first accident. Usually, she was good at feigning shyness, but this time she didn't have to fake it. She blushed for real as she admitted that sometimes she wouldn't make it to the toilet if she waited too long, usually because she was busy- or sometimes just lazy.

The end of the video was the most important part. She liked to end her vlogs by asking viewers to comment below if they had any similar experiences, or just tell her their thoughts. She read the comments less and less as the years passed, but never stopped prompting her fans to leave them. If nothing else, engagement was good for the channel. This time, she refreshed the page after ten minutes or so and saw that there were indeed some messages of support. They were mostly stories about times some of her viewers had had accidents, and a few saying they often waited too long. The other messages, much nastier, were the kind she'd long since learned to block out.

She hadn't received any messages from Sophia since getting in the night before, but Jenny took this as neither a good nor a bad sign. It probably just meant Sophia was busy making her own vlog, which would no doubt need to be longer and a bit more elaborate. Somehow, some way, Jenny had come out of this looking the better of the two. After all, she reasoned, most people wet themselves at least once or twice as adults... most women, at least. She was sure of it. Messing your pants in your early twenties was far harder to explain.

Somewhere around lunchtime, Keira came back into the room. Lack of sleep had finally caught up with her, judging by her face. Those restless eyes looked heavy and dull.

"What do you think?"

Jenny nodded slowly. "Not bad," she said, "I think we'll still lose a lot of viewers".

"We'll gain some, too," Keira pointed out. She could see that Jenny wasn't going to cheer up easily. "Look, this was always going to be a damage limitation job. It might not be so bad now you've got your side of the story out there".

Jenny swirled her spoon around the last of the milk at the bottom of her bowl. "What do you need me to do next?"

The agent sat down opposite her client. "I wish you could just put the video out and forget about it, but I don't think it's going to be that simple. You need to make this part of your image now".

"You want me to make peeing myself part of my image?"

"Not just that". Keira checked the time on her phone, a model from years past. "Accidents, getting desperate, holding it, drunk peeing, these are all things we can use. Things your target audience can relate to".

Jenny still didn't like it, but she recognised the validity of the plan all the same. "So you want me to tweet about peeing".

"Yes, and more. Make toilet jokes in your videos. Chuck up a toilet selfie every now and then. I'll send you a list tomorrow, okay?"

Jenny nodded. "I'm trusting you on this, Keira".

The woman stood and picked her bag up from beside the table. "You'd better," she said, "I'm the best chance you've got".

With that, she left, presumably to go home and pass out.

As it happened, Sophia's video came out only a few hours later. Jenny watched it while she was eating a takeout in her dressing gown in front of the TV. It contained much of the same basic content as Jenny's, but presented in Sophia's usual brash, confident style. She went into great detail about the moment she realised she couldn't hold it, talked about what she'd eaten that might have led to the accident and, like Jenny, admitted that it was far from her first time. That video already had more views than Jenny's, though the comments seemed more mixed.

To the surprise of all of them, articles were already being published in their defence.

Sophia Young And Jenny Martez Hit Back With Brave Confessional Videos

It's Not Just Jenny: I Wee Myself Sometimes, Too

Has The Response To The Sophia Young Video Exposed A Misogynistic Taboo?

Disney Release Statement Forgiving YouTubers, But Ask That Future Guests Please Use Bathrooms Instead

They weren't quite drowning out the negative voices, but it was much, much better than Jenny had expected. Maybe Keira had nailed it after all- maybe the relatability angle was the way to go. She loved playing people's champion.

Later that night, while Jenny was on the toilet, she thought some more about what Keira had said. If this was to be a part of her image from now on, she needed to work away any inhibitions she might have about sharing her toilet habits with the public. So she opened Instagram and selected the forward-facing camera.

Once she'd got a photo she was happy with, Jenny hunched over and finished pooping while she pondered over the perfect caption. When none came to mind, she went instead with a poop emoji and winking face, followed by two words:

Much needed!

—————————————————————————————————————————————————

From: Jennifer Mártez <[email protected]

>

To: [email protected]

Date: 29 Aug 2019, 13:26

Subject: interview answers

Keira,

All the answers to those questions from the magazine lady are below. hope they're ok!

Jenny x

PS please fix the grammar

Sent From My iPhone

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Can you tell us a bit about what inspired you to make your now-viral ‘I Wet Myself’ video?

Well, I think everyone’s seen what happened to me at Disneyland by now. Pretty embarrassing, huh? But when it went viral I started to wonder what I was so ashamed of. It’s just an accident, really, it happens to everyone. So I decided to make the video to get my side of the story out there, and hopefully help some of my fans see that wee is totally normal. I wanted to do it for everyone, really.

Talk us through what was going on in your head when you started peeing yourself.

Like, obviously, the first thing I thought was oh my gosh, I can’t believe this is really happening. But underneath that was kinda this relief, you know? Like, everyone knows how great it can feel to pee when you’ve been holding it in for ages. So, yeah, there was that too. Then my agent told me to go clean up, so I went. I remember seeing someone filming at the time, but I didn’t mind. It wasn’t a big deal.

When did you realise how much of an impact your story was having?

Right after the video went up, I started to get messages from people who said their video really helped them. Pretty quickly, I saw that my problem was a lot more common than most people realise. Then articles started coming out about what I’d said, too. I really think we’ve started a conversation here that will help people in the long term.

Some people have said that your video left them with more questions than answers. Do you mind answering some of those questions now?

Of course not! That’s what this interview is about after all. Go ahead.

How often would you say you wet yourself? Do you think it’s more or less than the average person?

I actually have way less accidents than I used to these days. But sometimes I can’t help it. I used to wee my pants at least once a month, but now it’s much less often than that. I almost always make it now. As you saw in California, though, it still happens sometimes!

To answer your second question, it’s hard to tell. Nobody really talks about it openly, hopefully that will change soon. If I had to guess I’d say that most girls my age probably wet themselves a few times a year, at least. They’re just scared to admit it. They must at least leak though! Everyone does that sometimes.

And what do you think is the cause of your accidents?

There’s a lot of answers to that question. Usually it’s cos I’m out somewhere and I can’t find a loo in time, or maybe the lines are too long for the bathroom. Sometimes I’m driving home and I can’t hold it. You know, the usual stuff.

But there’s also times when I’m just at home, and I’m busy working or something like that, and I don’t make it if I wait too long to get up. That happens too!

Talk us through a normal day for you. Is rushing to the loo a regular occurrence in your life?

Pretty regular, yeah. I usually wake up needing a wee, but I like a lie in haha. I have a bad habit of lying in bed looking at my phone until I can’t hold it. Some days I leak a bit on the way there, or in bed (oops). I try and drink water to stay healthy, so I usually have to go six or seven times a day, but if I’m busy I’ll hold it till the last minute. Then I try to remember to go before bed, but I usually forget.

Your video has sparked a huge online debate about one thing, so we have to ask: what’s your stance on peeing in the shower?

I say do it! I always have. To be honest I don’t see what the big deal is, it’s just pee. And it’s way easier than getting out of the shower just to pee. If you haven’t tried it yet, just do it.

Friend and fellow YouTuber Sophia Young was filmed having a very different kind of accident alongside you. Do you often go through the same thing?

Who doesn’t? Not all the time, of course, but a couple of times a year, sure. I’m only human.

What do you think people should do to help lift the ‘toilet taboo’, as it’s been dubbed?

We just need to talk about it! The problem is that people are being taught to be ashamed of it. I hope that sharing my stories will help millions of other people like me.

And finally, what’s your response to those who have accused you of using this movement for publicity, only to abandon it once fans lose interest?

I can see why it might look that way, but I assure you that isn’t the case. I’m fully committed to this new me, and it’s not going away any time soon. So if you think I’m faking it, just watch me and see.

————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————

Jenny woke up to that familiar, but not uncomfortable, feeling of fullness in her bladder. She had been woken, not by an alarm, but by the sunlight creeping in through the gaps between the curtains. Groaning, she turned onto her side and grappled for her phone by her pillow. Soon she'd have to get up and relieve herself, but as usual, that could wait. She was naked under the covers, but the early September warmth was no problem even beneath the thick duvet. Her house had an air conditioning system that could have made Spain feel like Antartica if needed.

Her phone was littered with notifications. This was standard by now, and she'd mastered the art of picking out the most important ones first. Ever since she'd really blown up, Jenny started nearly every day with a text from Keira. Today was no different, and she checked the message from her agent before anything else.

Big morning today, it read simply

Jenny frowned at her screen. Was it a big morning? Then it came to her- the interview was being published today. Her phone said it was 10:34, which meant the article had been online for several hours already.

How do you think it's going? she typed back, eager for reassurance that she hadn't overstepped the mark. At first she'd been concerned that her honesty was a little too much for modern England, but with Keira's encouragement she'd decided to send in the interview answers as they were.

So far audience responses seem mostly positive, Keira affirmed, some negative comments, but that's to be expected. People don't like change, and you've just come and dropped a huge bomb in their laps. Not many young, famous women are out here talking about peeing in the shower, Jenny.

Jenny smiled despite herself. They are now, she wrote. Who knows? Maybe we really will start a trend.

It's possible, admitted Keira, but only if you commit and do your bit now. Not just for a week, but properly.

I know, I know. Share my life. Break the taboo. You told me all this when we got back from LA.

Hey, I didn't tell you to say that at the end. "Watch me and see". You have to deliver on that promise, hun, and I think you should start today.

Jenny knew that Keira had a point there, so she didn't argue. Instead she sent back a short reply, effectively ending the conversation. I will.

She'd been thinking a lot about what Keira had said, but hadn't taken any action yet save for the toilet selfie she'd posted a few days ago. That had received more interactions than anything else she'd ever posted. Some of it was appreciated, and some less so. There were people who called her brave, people who called her a skank and people who thought it was hot. She didn't know what reaction made her feel stranger. Sophia had followed suite not long after with one of her own, too.

By the time she closed her messenger, she really did have to pee. It was getting hard to lay still, and she didn't think she'd be able to hold it much longer if her legs happened to part while she shifted in bed. That felt like too good an opportunity to pass up; this was a chance to show people how serious she was about this no-shame thing.

Making herself appear natural and unprepared was a hallmark of Jenny's success, but there were some airs and graces she wasn't prepared to give up just yet. She fished around on the floor beside her bed until she found the t-shirt she'd left there last night, which was pyjama pink and only a little sweaty. Then, from her bedside table, she grabbed a small mirror and some basic makeup to touch up with. When she looked presentable (which was very different by YouTuber standards than it would have been were she not famous, she knew), Jenny cleared the bed and readjusted the pillows to make it look like she really had just woken up. Then she opened up Instagram, as she had a million times before, and switched to her front-facing camera.

"Hey guys," she told the whole world, "so I've just woken up and I'm absolutely busting for a wee, look". She flipped the camera deftly with one finger on the button to show her legs, bouncing up and down underneath the heavy duvet. "But the house is so cold, and I really don't wanna get out of bed. Let me know in the poll what you think I should do".

She created that poll right after filming, and added three options: get up and pee!, stay in bed a bit longer or just let go. That last one came with a winky face to let people know she wasn't really being serious, while leaving room for others to believe she was, if they wanted. Then she spent a few minutes fussing over the filters, trying to get it just right. She wanted to look her best. The theory Jenny had come up with- and Keira agreed- was that the prettier she looked, the less likely people were to be repelled or disgusted by the words that were coming out of her mouth. Most of her audience had been surprisingly chilled about everything so far, but there were a few prudes.

Before she had a chance to change her mind, Jennifer hit the button to publish to her story and slipped half-naked out of bed. For the next twenty-four hours, that video would be free for anyone to watch, no matter where in the world they were. Doubtless thousands would download it and it would end up in YouTube compilations somewhere down the line. The thought was somewhere between frightening and strangely thrilling. As she walked across the room to her en suite bathroom, it hit her how desperately she needed to go. There had been no need for acting there.

A few seconds later she was releasing a torrent into the bowl, enjoying the way her bladder seemed to be shrinking. She peeled the sweaty t-shirt back off over her head now that it was no longer needed. Jenny had always preferred to let it hang out in the mornings, especially when she was up here, alone. Her house was built in such a way that she could waltz past her bedroom windows completely naked without ever having to worry that someone might see her breasts. The freedom to wear as little as she liked was one of her favourite parts of living here.

Only once the pee started to die down did she notice another kind of need. Her bowels were full, which was no surprise considering the size of the meal she'd eaten the night before. A thought crossed her mind- her phone was still with her. She could turn it into content. But that thought was overruled by a second, louder, calmer voice. If she went too full-on with this, people might start to think it was all she was about now. She didn't want her bodily functions to become the focus of her persona- they were more like an added spice, designed to make her just that little bit more relatable at a time where influencers were getting harder and harder to connect to. At least, those were the words Keira had used. So instead she used her phone to check Twitter while the log stretched her out and splashed into the yellow water below.

When she was done, Jenny reached over with one hand to tear off a few squares of paper, almost instinctively. Before she could, though, a better idea came to her. She needed a shower anyway- there was no need to waste loo roll when she was about to get wet all over. So she simply flushed, opened Spotify and started to look for music to play while she showered. Her phone slotted perfectly into the waterproof case that lived on the windowsill next to the bath.

She climbed out twenty minutes later, soaking wet and one orgasm to the better. Her showers often ended up getting carried away like that. On her phone, she saw, was a message from Keira.

I saw your Instagram story- good work, it read, keep that up. And don't be afraid to take it a little further next time!

——————————————————————————————————

The smell of the Thames drifted up along the bank, faintly salty in the September air, and at a table outside of one of the many cafés overlooking the river sat Jenny. She was perched under a parasol, her laptop open in front of her and several used glasses dotted around the wooden surface. Beyond, only a transparent fence stood between her and a twenty foot drop into the water. Dregs of iced coffee at various temperatures sat at the bottom of each empty cup. London was never quiet on a Saturday, but here she was sheltered from the worst of it.

One thing the city still was, though, was warm. It struck Jenny as though this could be the last weekend of the summer. There was an ominous feeling around, like the sun today was making its final proper appearance before slipping into hibernation until March if they were lucky and April if they weren't. She liked the warmth and valued the quiet even more, especially since the sudden rise in fame that had come with her return from California two weeks ago. A trip designed to boost my profile, she thought, and in the end it did.

Jenny had been sat there for the better part of two hours trying to write a vlog, but that wasn't the real reason why she was in town. An interview with Hello! Magazine beckoned, and that was nothing to be taken lightly; the slot she'd been given was usually reserved for those far above her position on the food chain. She was under instruction to meet the journalist at two 'o' clock. Trying, though, to be productive for a change, Jenny had got a taxi into the city in the morning and got to work writing at this little café.

There had been a time, for some New Year's she couldn't remember, when Jenny had resolved to write a blog post every month for her fans. Videos were her forte, but it couldn't hurt to try her hand at alternative media. At the time she'd been persuaded by Keira, who had dreams of a book deal in the distant future. Since then Jenny had managed to publish just one blog- that January.

As it turned out, though, nothing motivated Jenny like positive re-enforcement. Since that unexpected increase in fame, Jenny had more reason than ever to keep producing new work.

Before, being asked to do an interview by anyone was a fairly special occurrence, let alone something as big as Hello!. But things had really started to snowball since she'd released that video, entitled I Wet Myself. Subscribers and followers had shot up on every platform, seeing their biggest growth ever by some distance. Keira was getting more calls each day than she was used to receiving in a week. Almost all of them were people wanting Jenny to promote their brand, or do some interview. Money was coming in faster than ever- all because I pissed myself at Disneyland.

Beneath the table, her belly gurgled threateningly. The need had been growing inside of her, but Jenny had put it off, hoping that denial would prolong her resilience. The bathrooms were only twenty yards away, but she couldn't leave her laptop unattended for even a couple of minutes. It was too valuable to lose, for more reasons than one. And packing it all back into her bag just to get it back out again right away was more effort than Jenny was willing to go through unless she absolutely had to. It was a nice day, and she was happy where she was. There wasn’t exactly much room in there- she’d left the clothes she planned to have her interview in in the bag, ready to change into them later.

So she had kept writing her blog... and, by some miracle, she was almost done. While the protests of her bowels had grown stronger and more uncomfortable, she'd managed to keep typing, quelling the cramps with the coolness of each iced coffee. As she reached the final paragraph, Jenny resolved to pay the bill soon so she could get going. She'd back her bag, make a pit stop in the ladies' bathroom and then set off for her interview. Yes, the next time the waitress came over, she'd ask for the cheque. It was almost time now.

She had just put the full stop at the end of her final sentence when the phone in her lap rang. The vibrations were a wonderful thrill on her crotch, but Jenny was in no state to enjoy them with a storm brewing in her stomach.

"Jenny!" came Keira's voice at the other end of the line, "just checking everything's going well".

It was all Jenny could do not to groan. "Yeah, all fine, thanks," she said. "I'm at a café. I actually just finished a blog, thinking of putting it up today".

Keira sounded unsure. "I'm glad you're getting some writing done, but let me look over it before you publish anything, yeah?"

This time she did groan. "Yeah. I'll email it to you".

"And that interview-"

"I'm about to head over there now," Jenny interrupted her, "it's all sorted".

"Great," Keira said happily.

"Honestly," Jenny chided, biting savagely at one of her fake nails, "you should give me more credit".

There was a pause. "Sorry".

Jenny couldn't help laughing. "I'm more than capable of looking after myself, Keira. I'm an adult," she said, shifting awkwardly on her seat to make the need to poop less pronounced and wistfully eyeing the bathroom door over her shoulder.

When the call was over, Jenny went back over her blog and tried to take out as many mistakes as she could. After what she'd said to Keira, it would be ridiculous to send an article riddled with errors, and she still had plenty of time before she had to get to her interview. Turning up early would mean waiting around, and that was more patience than Jenny had going for her. The need to take a dump was slightly less pronounced when she was leaning back, so she popped the Macbook on her lap, feeling its heat against her thighs.

When the waitress came round again, asking if Jenny would like the bill, she instead smiled sweetly and asked for another iced coffee. Later, if someone had asked, she wouldn't have been able to explain why. But with a while to spare, she'd developed quite a thirst. So the waitress disappeared and returned a minute later with another tall, frothing glass, which Jenny gratefully started to sip down. She could spend twenty minutes drinking the latest round and still make it to the interview in time, and that was what she planned on doing.

Good as it tasted, though, the drink didn't come without a price. As she slurped it down, Jenny's need hit a new high. She found herself needing to fidget on the spot just to keep her insides in place, and more than once she could hear her stomach grumbling through her clothes. If there had been anyone else at the table, they would doubtless have heard the same. But still her laziness outweighed her urge to poop... for now. Besides, she was almost done spellchecking; if there were any more mistakes left in the text, she hadn't spotted them yet.

Despite all this, the fart still took her by surprise. She went to cross her legs, thinking that might help reduce the pressure, and it slipped out all at once: a thunderous, growling, unexpectedly loud one that made the fancy chair below vibrate. Jenny gasped, her cheeks flushing. She glanced quickly around the courtyard, trying to figure out if anyone had heard. If that was the case, though, they were doing a good job of being discreet- none of her fellow diners were looking her way. They would never recognise me anyway, she thought. Not in a place like this.

The fart had been the strongest indication yet that she needed to get to a loo soon. As the smell drifted up to her nostrils, it was easy for Jenny to diagnose how bad the situation was. From the powerful stench, she could guess that the poo was pretty much already sticking out of her butt, crowning, probably touching cloth by now. It was more of a poop smell than a fart smell. And yet it would be a waste to get up now, when she was so close to finishing off her work. Better to hold on a little longer, just a few minutes more, and then she could go once she was done. Then she wouldn't need to concentrate on anything but emptying her bowels.

Jenny was well aware that she had something of a problem with putting off going to the bathroom when she needed to, but in the moment she rarely even realised she was procrastinating. It was too easy to justify carrying on with whatever she was doing- sometimes work, but more often games or sex or social media- and just keep telling herself she would go when she was finished, until she just... went.

Still, though, as she checked her work and checked again, the desperate urge to evacuate her colon only got worse. For another ten minutes she sat at that table, typing and erasing and correcting. Boats kept drifting past in the corner of her eye. The smell of her gas was gradually blown away by the breeze and replaced by more London air. Jenny's left foot took to permanently tapping on the floor, and though she didn't take her eyes off of her screen, the rest of her body was focused on holding it in as best she could.

She was finally ready to email the damned thing off when the worst cramp yet hit. Out of nowhere, it felt as though an iron hand was squeezing her bowels, crushing them in a metal grip. Jenny was powerless to stop an audible gasp from escaping her lips, and she grabbed her belly with one hand, closing her eyes to try and wait out the pain. It took a few seconds to really die down. When she opened her eyes again, there was a sense of genuine urgency for the first time that day. Suddenly she was in real trouble.

When the urge to fart came to her again, Jenny knew she was powerless to keep it back. The pressure was too strong, and it needed release. So, checking once over her shoulder, she lifted one bumcheek and stopped holding it in for just a second. That was all it took- but she got more than she bargained for. The fart spilled out, a wet one that rasped against her skin and left the inside of her jeans damp and doubtless brown. When she was forced to sit back down again, the mush squashed and pressed into her bare cheeks.

It was then, and only then, that Jenny was forced to truly confront the reality of the situation. She'd done the thing she had tried so hard to avoid for all this time- waiting too long to go to the toilet in public. And now she was paying for her carelessness. It was ironic, in a way, that for once she was suffering because she'd been too engrossed in her work rather than social media or a game as per usual. But that didn't change the outcome. Judging by the cramped, hot feeling in her heavy bowels, she stood no chance of making it to the bathroom in time.

Jenny lifted herself just a little off the seat again, but this time it was much more than just a wet fart that slipped out. She closed her yes, grateful her face was turned away from the rest of the crowd, and her lips parted in a near-silent sigh of relief just as her hole parted to finally let the thick, solid mass begin to pass through. She could hear the faint crackling noise she made as she messed herself, but the sounds of the city surely drowned it out of the ears of others, and the breeze helped to blow away the earthy odour that her accident was creating.

Her cheeks turned red, not from shame but from the strange sensation of her colon emptying so quickly. The widest part of her poop was quickly past her ring, stretching her just enough that it wasn't painful, just enough that it felt almost like having a man in her. After that, the rest rushed out more quickly than she could ever have expected. It was loose, and lost shape as soon as it was squished between her hairless cheeks and the fabric of her jeans, and underneath, the firm chair. By then the sensations of twisted pleasure were so good that it was all Jenny could do not to moan, lest she give the game away.

The unloading stopped suddenly, but Jenny didn't feel empty yet. She paused, grimaced and pushed, and a moment later a final solid log dropped into her underwear. By then her arms were aching from the feeling of holding herself in the air for so long. So, seeing no other option, she slowly settled herself back onto the seat, feeling her thick mess spread beneath her bum.

Her laptop still sat open in front of her. Throwing a quick glance over her shoulder, she sent off the email and packed it back into her bag. Her ass was warm from where the accident had coated it. When Jenny leant forward, she felt some dampness in her panties. She hadn't even noticed leaking, but it made sense that she might lose some bladder control when her bowels were emptying so violently. She'd need to make sure her wee was completely out before setting off for the interview. No, I don't, she remembered, that's the whole bloody point.

Seconds later, the waitress returned with her sweet smile. Jenny had wondered if someone standing so close might be able to smell that she hadn't quite made it, but if the girl noticed she gave no indication. When she asked if another iced coffee was in order, Jenny politely declined and asked for the bill, feeling a strange thrill to know that she was sitting in a mess of her own making. It was more than naughty- it was like a secret that only she knew, even though anyone who looked for longer than a few seconds would surely catch her in the act. By the time the waitress bought over the card reader, Jenny was ready to go, and stood up as soon as she'd paid her sixty pounds.

Not for the first time that morning, Jenny was pleased that the ladies' bathroom was so close. She marched in there before anyone had a chance to clock the bulge in the back of her jeans, and locked herself in the furthest cubicle from the door. Carefully, she took the spare jeans and underwear from her bag and hung them on the stall door. Then she stripped out of her shoes and dirty jeans and got to work.

Thankfully, most of her poo had been contained in the knickers she'd put on that morning. It would be the last time she wore this particular pair. She stood awkwardly so that one leg was on either side of the spotless toilet bowl, then gradually lowered her pants until the weight of the dump caused it to roll out of the cradle and splash heavily into the water, leaving dark skidmarks on the way down. Satisfied, Jenny stepped out of the panties and dumped them into the bowl. On top of those went sheets and sheets of paper matted thick with poo that she'd scraped off of her thighs, bum and crack.

It took a few minutes before she felt more or less clean again. A flush and a few squirts of perfume from her bag dealt with most of the smell. Soon she was in her fresh clothes and walking out of the bathroom again, and in a time short enough that there was no reason anyone should get suspicious. She left behind a clogged bowl, a pair of slightly shitty jeans and any evidence that she was the one behind it.

Jenny couldn't help grinning to herself as she walked past the staff and back out onto the London street. By the time her accident was discovered she would be long gone, and nobody in there would know who she was. This was one toilet escapade she wouldn't be sharing on social media... for at least a few weeks.

