Jenny

Author: Noot

*008*2021-06-27 14:10

Just realised I never actually released the second part of this story, and since @ed2 and I are working on a part 3, it made sense to put it on here for you all! This takes place around a year after the first story and is inspired by those "same characters, but IN A DIFFERENT COUNTRY!" sequels that movie studios have been pumping out for several decades now. Enjoy!

###

Even as dawn finished fading into day, the sun beat down on the Navajo Nation with unforgiving power. Colourful mountains, worn from millennia of desert climate, dipped and peaked vibrantly across the landscape before giving way to civilisations dating back hundreds of years. Across the sandy surfaces, rattlesnakes and roadrunners battled endlessly on while herds of bighorns and peccaries paraded through the crevices in the hilltops. On a particularly wet year, the wildlife here would see no more than sixteen inches of rainfall a year. At the best of times or the worst, this was not a good place to forget to bring a bottle of water.

Thirty-six thousand feet above ground level, everything was peaceful. There were no birds up here- not in this part of the world, anyway- and the clouds shone nothing but white. They simply drifted there, so thick and cotton-like that it was all too easy to forget, for a moment, that all they really were was a heady mass of water droplets and bits of ice. If an alien’s first experience of this planet was the view across the Navajo and the skies above, they would be forgiven for thinking that there was no such thing as humanity at all.

Then a plane pierced the layer of clouds, a bullet speeding through a waterfall, descending towards the world below. It shot nose-first out of the bottom of this cottonwool duvet and the silence was gone, gone as if it had never been there to begin with. This was a machine of glistening white aluminium, wings spread, turbines spinning too fast to see. Along each side, weaving between all six windows, was a long, painstakingly painted red ribbon.

This was a vehicle that could comfortably fly fourteen people, but on board as it passed over the Navajo were only four. The pilot, a woman who looked no younger than fifty, had marched up the steps and into the cockpit barely three minutes before takeoff without saying a word to her passengers. Then there was the nervous young steward who seemed to be somewhat confused as to how he had landed this job in the first place, as if he’d applied for a post working on a train and there had been some sort of mix-up. It was the sort of flight that a steward wants to be over almost as soon as it has begun.

The woman they were flying- if you wanted to call her a woman- was not someone you wanted to pass over the Bermuda Triangle with. She was, to put it mildly, important. And she was sitting in a seat right at the back of the aircraft, sipping a Cherry Coke float out of a glass longer than her forearm. Sunglasses sat nonsensically on her forehead, just about holding back ruler-straight hair. The fake tan she’d sported for most of her adult life had been replaced by a real one picked up during a fortnight in Alicante, but it was still most definitely the face of Jennifer Martez, internet sensation. It only took a glance to denote that she wasn’t having the time of her life.

Next to Jenny, her agent was grateful to finally have some ground to look at. The view had been precious little other than blue and white for a the majority of their eleven-hour flight, but that changed the moment they penetrated the clouds and started hurtling back towards the earth. With Arizona over her left shoulder and Utah over her right, she barely knew where to look. If she was lucky she might spot Las Vegas out of one window, but the other could give her a glimpse of Mexico. This was uncharted territory for Keira Morgan, who had never been anywhere south of New York City before, let alone all the way to California. It was new for Jenny, too, although you’d never guess it from her indifference.

The angle of the plane made it crystal clear that, at last, they were in the final stretch of their journey from London to the City of Angels. Keira guessed that within half an hour or so they would touch down at one of LAX’s private jet terminals and she could finally start working on getting the cramps out of her legs. It couldn’t come soon enough for her. Her relationship with her may have been up and down over the years, but one thing that had remained consistent was that Keira didn’t think she could name a worse person to be stuck on a half-day flight with than Jenny. The girl had no patience, no foresight and very little capacity to entertain herself. When Keira had suggested that she bring a book or a few films to watch during the journey, Jenny had agreed… and then forgotten completely. So, instead, she’d kept herself busy by complaining and consuming the wide array of impressively unhealthy foods the plane stocked.

But, as was often the case with long waits, the trauma and turmoil of the time wasted was forgotten almost as soon as it was over. Keira could no longer care less about the hours she’d spent looking for something to do. Now all that was on her mind was reaching their hotel and getting a hot shower. It may have been early morning in California, but in London time they’d had to get up late at night to catch the plane. The discombobulating combination of jet lag and sleep loss had left Keira feeling weary and clammed up. It was nothing a few minutes under hot water couldn’t fix.

They only had a day to relax and recuperate before the real work started: they were there to meet a Texan girl named Sophia Young, one of the few influencers left who could still boast a bigger Instagram following than Jenny- who was rapidly catching up. The plan was a simple one, a tried-and-tested method for giving views a boost. The two girls would do their thing, muck around the city for a few days, make a few videos and then head to Disneyland on the Sunday to wrap up filming. Of course, they would have to pretend that Keira wasn’t there, and their relatable shenanigans were au naturel. Keira didn’t mind that one bit; the background was where she had the most power. It was hard to pull the strings if everyone knew you were holding them. There was a reason why the puppets were on stage while the puppet master always stayed out of sight.

Keira hadn’t decided yet if Sophia was going to be a pain in the arse or not. In her experience, people like her usually were- Jenny was a living, breathing example. The difference with Jenny was that they had a history that gave Keira an excuse to oversee the selfish (and sometimes bizarre) things she did. If Sophia was anywhere near as spoilt, impatient or unaware as Jenny, they were all in for a long weekend. She tried to stay positive, though. There was a chance that Sophia was every bit as friendly and kind as her videos portrayed her. Keira just wasn’t holding her breath. Sophia’s agent would not be present. He was in Europe sorting out some PR mess with another client who’d said a racial slur on Twitch.

To her side, Jenny shifted uncomfortably. Keira couldn’t help but notice that her legs, which had been reclining for most of the flight, were suddenly crossed tight. It didn’t take a genius to work out why- just someone who knew Jenny well. Keira wasn’t surprised at all to see Jenny sitting that way. In fact, she’d expected it to happen far sooner. With Jenny, you always had to be on the lookout for signs like that, because she often wouldn’t simply tell you what was wrong until it was almost too late. Keira had grown more than used to it over their half a decade working together. It no longer bothered her half as much as it used to, but she stayed alert regardless. In her experience, Keira had often found that it was best to tackle this particular issue head-first.

“You need a wee, Jen?” she asked, already knowing the answer. She’d seen plenty of times what it meant when Jenny sat that way.

“Yeah, a bit,” Jenny said, finishing her drink with a guttural slurping sound through the straw.

“We should be landing soon, can you hold it?” Keira pressed, just to be sure.

“It’s fine, honestly,” Jenny insisted. Her thighs were pressed tightly together, true, but Keira noticed with approval that she wasn’t squirming or even looking tempted to hold herself.

“Well, the toilet’s at the front if you need it”.

“If I need it I’ll go,” Jenny said, “you know I will”.

That was true, and Keira knew it. Jenny’s unconventional toilet habits had become far more mature over the last year or so, to her credit. She’d gotten better at using the bathroom before leaving the house, had made her peace with public bathrooms (although that still didn’t seem to extend to plane toilets) and watched her food and drink intake if she knew a long journey was coming up. All that meant that it had been thirteen months since Jenny had had a public accident, when she’d messed herself in an outrageously expensive pair of Gucci jeans.

The day Keira had found out about that, they’d both ended up being forced to rush to Keira’s apartment in a bout of coffee-induced desperation. That had led to a serious conversation about the possible repercussions of either of them being seen having an accident, and since then Jenny had stuck to her promise to try and be more sensitive of her bodily needs. Keira was proud of her, but old habits died hard, so she still found herself getting concerned whenever Jenny showed signs of needing to go.

Not that her client made it to the bathroom every time these days, mind you. Although it made her feel more guilty than it once had, Keira had continued to keep tabs on Jenny’s texts and messages, still believing that it was a necessary evil to keep them both secure. She’d read several of Jenny’s stories of wetting herself in the car on the way home, or even when she was already at home and just waited a bit too long. There’d been a time, too, over Christmas, when Jenny had eaten a little too much and ended up filling her panties just a few steps from the bathroom. Jenny had told her friends, Phoebe and Zara, about these incidents. Sometimes she told someone else, too- sometimes a boy she was talking to, or another friend. None of them could ever find out that Keira had read every word of it.

Still, Jenny had earned a bit of trust when it came to being in the public eye. And Keira believed her, too, when she said that she would use the plane bathroom if she really needed to. Keira herself had visited it twice already in the flight, both times to pee, and she was surprised that Jenny hadn’t left her seat once. But a look out of the window confirmed that they really were close to landing. She wondered vaguely if she might be able to see Sleeping Beauty Castle from up there, but they must have been too high up to spot the pink-and-blue towers. She got a chill seeing the Hollywood sign for the first time, though- that one was hard to miss.

The nervous steward announced that they would touch down within ten minutes, and Jenny looked relieved. She was surely shaping up to take a pretty ferocious pee when they reached the terminal. A year ago Keira would have seriously worried whether or not Jenny was going to make it in time. It felt good not to have to panic about that anymore.

She just had to hope that her client would be on her best behaviour in Los Angeles.

———————————————————————————————————————————————

Luggage completely forgotten, Jenny dashed down the foldable steps and onto the plane’s runway as soon as the steward gave her the go-ahead. Keira lagged behind, carrying the bags towards the nearby private terminal, already sweating in the California heat. She could only see Jenny’s back, but it was clear from the way she was jogging that she badly needed to go. She wasn’t the only one; Keira herself felt like she could really do with a trip to the loo, but it was nothing that couldn’t wait a while longer. Her bladder wasn’t exactly prone to struggling like some people.

Jenny made a beeline to the women’s toilet she had been looking forward to for the last two hours of the flight, a shiny and spotlessly clean bathroom with five cubicles lined up in a neat little row. In the early hours of a Thursday morning, as expected, the terminal was quiet and she was the only person in there. Instinctively, she picked the cubicle nearest to the door- scientifically likely to be the most used, and therefore the cleanest, her mother had always said. Jenny had no idea if that was true, and she didn’t really know much other science anyway, but she dived in regardless and took satisfaction from hearing the lock click.

At no point had she worried about the possibility of not making it in time; she hadn’t been desperate enough to wet herself on the plane journey. That didn’t take anything away from the wonderful relief of sitting down and allowing her bladder to finally stop holding back. Her stream hissed loudly into the bowl below, echoing around the room. Few things in life felt better to Jenny than letting out a desperate wee- an orgasm, perhaps, or one of the pills she’d had at a few parties in her slightly younger days, but that was it.

When the flow tapered off, she reached to tear off a few squares of paper, then stopped herself and thought. She hadn’t had a poo since the previous morning, and she could probably go for one now. She felt bad for keeping Keira waiting, but another part of her mind told her that Keira would prefer it if she took the time to make sure she was completely empty before they ventured out into the city. Now feeling pretty sure that she could produce something with a bit of patience and pushing, she let the toilet paper rest on her thigh for later and started to bear down. It felt as though she was a little constipated, perhaps because she’d waited longer than usual since her last dump. Jenny could feel the hard little tip of it poking out- it was there, alright, and probably ready to come out. She pushed harder and felt it start to slide towards her exit.

The bathroom door opened suddenly, making her jump. In her surprise, she felt the log retreat back up her bum. It only took a second to work out that nothing was out of the ordinary- she heard footsteps that sounded like they came from heavy boots, a cubicle door creaking open and closed, a lock. It was just another woman coming in to do her business- and, by the sounds of it, she was desperate, moving quickly and wasting no time in lifting the toilet lid. Jenny considered trying to evacuate her bowels again, but decided against it- it would be better to wait until she was in the privacy of her hotel room, could take as long as she wanted and didn’t need to feel embarrassed if it smelt as bad as it usually did.

She only planned to wipe, flush and get out of there, but Jenny’s eyes widened in shock at the noise that erupted from the other stool. It was almost explosive, both one of the loudest farts she’d ever heard while also being unmistakably the sound of someone pooping. She could hear every tiny detail of the way it splattered against the porcelain and bombed into the water, almost pee-like in the way it poured out of the poor woman. Not for the first time, Jenny felt glad that her poops were usually fairly solid- at least, in comparison to how this sounded.

Next came a moan of relief, low but definitely feminine. Jenny found herself wondering who this girl was, how long she’d been holding it and if she’d made it all the way or if she’d had a partial accident. Clearly, it had been an emergency. Already the smell was thick in the air, raw and powerful.

Jenny heard a drop of pee slip off of her labia and into the water, and that shook her back to earth. She remembered what she had been doing and grabbed the paper off her knee once again. The pooper sounded like she was finished as Jenny wiped herself dry and stood, replacing her underwear and jeans carefully. She looked down into the bowl- an old force of habit. Her soaked toilet paper was sitting in a pool of nearly completely clear water, which was no surprise given how much she’d been drinking in the recent summer heat.

Once she’d flushed, Jenny slipped out of her cubicle and went to wash her hands. Within seconds, the other occupied stall- the one she’d been hearing the dramatic diarrhoea from- opened too, and a woman who looked around Jenny’s age stepped out. This was undeniably a beautiful woman, not at all the type Jenny associated with such noises. Her hair was the colour of straw, topping a thin, tall frame that had clearly had some expensive work done to it. She wore a red dress that contrasted sharply with her catlike green eyes. She and Jenny had never been in the same room before, but they recognised each other instantly.

“Oh, hey,” Sophia Young said, smiling awkwardly, “I didn’t expect this to be how we met”.

————————————————————————————————————————

Jenny was no stranger to big cars, but the taxi that picked the three women up from LAX was on a different level to anything she’d seen back at home. It felt, in truth, more like a squashed limo, sleek and bulky and black as coal, but with an interior kitted out to high heaven. Flawless leather lined the seats and the floor was thick carpeted. From the outside, the windows were pitch black- and yet Jenny could see out of them perfectly. She was sprawled out across the back seat, with Sophia sitting opposite, facing backwards. Keira was riding up front in the passenger seat; a soundproof partition put them in completely different universes. Jenny couldn’t help thinking of it like that, as adults on one side and kids on the other, completely disregarding the salient fact that she and Sophia were both well into their twenties.

It was probably fair to say that Sophia was somewhat less tired than her English counterpart. She’d left Houston around six in the morning and touched down not long before Jenny’s flight had arrived, so she still had the energy that the other girl had long since used up. Or perhaps she was naturally perky, possibly after years of obligatory enthusiasm. Nevertheless, there was no shortage of conversation between the pair. Despite how incredibly different the first two-thirds of each young life had been (rural Texas being, as it was, quite unlike central London), the last five years had taken remarkably similar paths, which meant there was plenty to talk about.

One thing that didn’t come up was their encounter in the terminal bathroom- until they were nearing the hotel. Both girls were booked into rooms on the same floor of Beverly Hills’ five-star Waldorf Astoria, to make filming videos easier both early in the morning and late at night. As the towering bulk of the building came into view, Sophia took her chance to say something that Jenny guessed she’d been waiting to say for the whole drive.

“Hey, would you mind not telling anyone about what happened in the restroom earlier?”

It was strange seeing an emotion approaching shyness on the face of someone famous for being so confident. Jenny could tell that the girl was unsure about discussing her bowel habits in front of someone she’d barely met- not embarrassed, not worried, just unsure. In honesty, Jenny wanted to tell her friends the story. She probably still would anyway. But Sophia didn’t need to know that.

“Nah, no problem,” she said nonchalantly, “but… can I ask you something?”

“Shoot”.

“Do you always… is it always that big?”

Sophia blushed. “No, only when I really gotta go,” she said, “I had to poop for most of the flight, and then when we landed I got held up by some stupid journalist bitch. I thought I wasn’t gonna make it”.

“It sounded like you barely did make it!” Jenny said. Whether she was ready to admit it or not, she enjoyed talking about these kinds of things. “To tell you the truth, I was desperate myself when I landed, but only for a wee”.

“Aw, I love it when you say ‘wee’”, said Sophia, “it’s adorable. Do you say ‘poo’ as well?”

Jenny nodded. “Usually. Or shit. Something like that”.

Sophia laughed at that. Jenny was mystified as to why so many American people found the words so funny, but she was happy to be getting along with this super-famous woman, so she joined in the laugher and let herself get swept away. She decided to press on with the conversation, just to see if she could dig a little deeper.

“Do you get desperate often?” she asked.

Sophia looked out the window for a second, as if she was trying to decide how much she could trust this girl. After a brief pause, she relented. “Yeah. I don’t know why, it just kind of happens. Keeping it quiet isn’t easy, so I really hope you’re not gonna tell anyone what I just told you”.

“Oh, don’t worry,” Jenny said, “I’m exactly the same. I always worry that I’ll have an accident and it’ll end up on YouTube or something”.

Sophia grimaced. “Now that would suck”.

“Do you… always make it?” Jenny asked, knowing she was pushing her luck now but sensing somehow that Sophia was not the kind of person to shy away from these conversations once she was comfortable with the girl she was talking to.

“No,” she admitted- just as Jenny had suspected, “I pee my pants way more than I should, to be honest. I’m guessing you’re the same?”

“Yeah, definitely,” Jenny nodded, feeling pleased to have found someone like her but still wanting to find out more, “and the other thing?”

This time Sophia did blush. “That happens a couple times a year, too,” she confessed. “I don’t know why I have so many accidents. I think I just don’t realise I have to go until it’s too late sometimes”.

“Sounds familiar,” Jenny laughed, “in fact, I really need a poo right now”.

Sophia’s eyebrows shot up at that. If Jenny didn’t know better, she’d have said that her words had excited Sophia somehow.

“You do?”

“Yeah, I was gonna go at the airport but it was stuck. Now it wants out,” she laughed.

“Well, I have good news for you,” Sophia said, “we’re here”.

Jenny could feel the car slowing down, and for the first time since the conversation had turned to the topic of the toilet, she looked outside the window. They were pulling up outside the entrance to the most expensive-looking hotel Jenny had ever seen.

“Do you have a personal Snapchat? One for talking to friends?” Sophia asked quickly, as the driver came around to open the back door.

“Yeah, it’s jennywilliams44, all lowercase, no spaces,” she said, “add me, we can start brainstorming video ideas”.

“Sounds good, Jenny,” Sophia said, sliding out of the car with impressive grace, “I’ll see ya later. Good luck with the… well, y’know”.

Jenny tried to think of something clever to say in response, but the girl was already gone.

—————————————————————————————————————

The Hollywood Suites on the tenth floor of the Beverly Hills Waldorf Astoria were every bit as luxurious as Jenny had hoped. She was not disappointed when the door swung open to reveal an enormous room big enough to comfortably fit more or less any flat she’d ever seen inside. Everything looked brand new, from the silky gold pillowcases all the way down to the railings on the balcony. She knew- because Keira had told her during the flight- that the hotel offered several different rooms that were even more expensive than this; Jenny struggled to imagine what they might offer that this one didn’t have, because it felt like she was surrounded by everything a holidaymaker (even a filthy rich one) could ever need.

Nonetheless, there would be plenty of time to explore the ins and outs of the room later. First, Jenny had something far more pressing to attend to. The master bedroom had an ensuite bathroom, and that was, by necessity, the first stop on her tour. She swung her heavy backpack off her shoulder and let it slump onto the huge bed on the way, before nipping into a bathroom with enough space to park a car in.

Jenny had spent much of the last five years in luxury. She’d bought her first home at the age of twenty-one, at three times the price of the house she’d grown up in, and then put tens of thousands more into renovations. Her floors were marble, her furniture top-quality. There was a jacuzzi in her garden. But this hotel room was in a totally different league. Everything about this trip so far felt like her normal extravagant life had been turned up to a hundred. And the best part was that the sponsors were paying for it all.

She dropped her underwear and took her seat on the toilet, loving the feeling of finally being able to unclench her bumcheeks. The log moved swiftly towards her ring once again and then paused there, much as it had done in the airport bathroom. Jenny could feel it poking out just the smallest amount, but the bulk of it was too wide and too firm to follow suit easily. Knowing that she could be there a while, she reached down into her crumpled pocket and extracted her phone, an Apple model she'd picked up as a gift from a sponsor.

It was pleasing, but not surprising, to see that she'd already received a friend request on Snapchat from a user called SophiaxY. Jenny wasted no time in accepting it, and almost immediately she was rewarded with the little emoji that indicated that Sophia was typing. While she waited, she tried giving her bowels a gentle push, hoping to move them along, but to no avail. The message pinged up on her phone after just a few seconds.

Hope you made it 😜

Jenny smiled to herself- not the kind of smile she was used to wearing, but her real smile- and hammered out a reply.

I did thanks XD now it doesn’t want 2 come out x

Want me to lend you some prune juice?

I think I can handle it 🙂

As Jenny sent that last reply, she heard Keira’s footsteps outside the bathroom. Her travelling companion had gone straight for a pee upon their arrival at the hotel, but she seemed to be back on her toes already, back into agent-mode. This didn’t much surprise Jenny- the woman never stopped working.

“Don’t come in, I’m having a poo,” she called out in warning. She felt it would be kinder to spare Keira the experience of walking in on her in this position.

“I wasn’t planning on it,” Keira said back.

She looked back down at her phone to see a response from Sophia.

Got any video ideas yet?

Jenny thought about it for a second before replying. She had a few ideas, truthfully, but she wanted to see what her partner said first. She knew it would help her feel less self-conscious if Sophia went first. That way she could get a good idea of what the Texan was looking for before offering up her own work.

Nothing too detailed, she typed back, you?

A few. I’ll tell you about them at dinner, gonna go catch up on sleep now though

That was enough of an answer to satisfy Jenny.

Cool, message me later! she sent, closing Snapchat and turning to Instagram. Scrolling through the photos on her feed was one of Jenny’s favourite things to do on the toilet, especially when she was dealing with a touch of constipation. She could feel herself getting closer to dropping the kids off, though, so there was reason to be hopeful that she wouldn’t need much longer.

“I’m going to bed,” Keira said through the doorway, a stifled yawn evident in her voice, “wake me up when we need to start getting ready for dinner”.

“Isn’t that your job?” Jenny shot back cooly. A year ago there would have been no humour in her tone when she asked that question, but now she said it good-heartedly. It was funny, she reflected, how almost shitting your pants in front of someone could change your relationship with them.

“Fuck you, Jenny,” Keira said back, “see you in the evening”.

Jenny smiled as she heard Keira’s footsteps grow quieter and eventually stop. Through the walls she could just about make out the sound of a zipper coming down, shoes being kicked off and a light switch being flicked. As she listened, the familiar, gorgeous feeling of her bum finally stretching open to let her poo pass kicked in. The thick log slid out slowly and hit the water with a satisfying splash. It was followed, as was not unusual, by a few smaller bits- the kind her mum used to call ‘rabbit droppings’.

Feeling much better, Jenny began to wipe, looking forward to her dinner with the increasingly enigmatic Sophia Young.

—————————————————————————————————————————————————————

They dined that night at a Wolfgang Puck place in Beverly Hills. Jenny had never heard of it, but Puck was one of the only chefs she knew by name, and Keira told her it was one of half a dozen Michelin Star restaurants in the Hills, and that was good enough for her. It turned out to be a steakhouse, albeit the fanciest steakhouse she’d ever set foot in in her life. From the ornate floor-to-ceiling windows to the abstract art that lined the walls, there was nothing about the place that didn’t look like it was right out of a movie.

Knowing that some sponsor had agreed to foot the bill made ordering far easier. Jenny went straight for what she knew: a Rib Eye with onion rings and French fries. Sophia was a little more adventurous, opting for a starter of scallops and a huge sirloin they all knew she’d never finish. And Keira, for whom opportunities to dine in such style were far rarer, went all out- a Japanese cut, caviar and a batch of wild field mushrooms. All three women knew that they would pay for both the quantity and the richness of the food in a way that had nothing to do with money. None of them cared one bit.

Living only a few states away, Sophia had been to Los Angeles plenty of times before, so neither the hotel nor restaurant- both of which had been her agent’s choice- were new to her. She looked around nervously as the trio had their menus collected.

“I hope none of the waiters remember me,” she said anxiously, “last time I was here, it didn’t go so well”.

“Why, what happened?” Jenny asked.

“I kind of peed my pants”. The girl swallowed, speaking in a low voice.

“What? How?”

“I knew I had to go the whole time, but I was being really lazy that day and I just wanted to stay at the table and eat,” she admitted. “I thought I’d go just before we left, but I didn’t make it. It made a huge puddle on the floor, you shoulda seen it”.

“Didn’t anyone recognise you?” Keira said, an eyebrow raised.

“Yeah, but only waiters. We were the last people still in the joint. My agent told them he knew the manager and that anyone who leaked it to the press would lose their job”.

“Does he really know the manager?”

“No, but he’s a good liar,” Sophia said with a smile, “and he can be real scary when he needs to be. You know, to protect me”. Jenny could sense the admiration in her voice.

“I wet myself in a restaurant once,” Jenny recalled, “not as fancy as this, though. It was a Harvester”.

“A what?”

“It’s a restaurant in England,” explained Keira, “there’s, like, three hundred of ‘em”.

“Yeah, I pissed my pants at the salad bar,” Jenny said, laughing, “back then I hated public toilets but I just couldn’t hold it in, so I went right there”.

“What did you do?”

“I went home,” Jenny said simply. She pulled her phone out of her pocket and, without offering explanation, started scrolling through her Instagram feed. Eventually, she came to a stop over a black-and-white photo of herself standing in her own living room. “Almost every photo I’ve ever posted shows off my legs, but this one doesn’t. Why do you think that might be?”

“I’m guessing you’re standing in a pair of pissed-in jeans,” Sophia giggled, “now how did that happen?”

“It gets worse, trust me,” Jenny said. She kept scrolling down as she talked. “Remember when that ‘daily routine’ crap was trending? I made a video on it right after it got popular”. Eventually, she found what she was looking for: a link to a YouTube video. On Jenny’s super-speed data, it loaded almost instantly to reveal the start of a video filmed in the highest quality a handheld camera could give. It was muted, so the words were meaningless to Sophia, but she saw Jenny wearing a pyjama top and talking cheerfully to the camera with messy hair and a surprising lack of make-up.

“I woke up that morning and I’d wet the bed,” she explained, “but I had to film this bit before I got up, ‘cos I knew people would work it out somehow if I cheated on the video”.

“Do you wet the bed a lot, then?”

“Nah, it’s pretty rare,” Jenny said, “only if I forget to go before bed and I drink a load”.

“Well, I think I can beat that,” Sophia said. She pulled out her own phone and went to her camera roll, speaking as she scrolled just as Jenny had done, “there was this one time I was at a meet-and-greet in San Antonio. The drive is, like, three and a half hours. I really had to go poop in the car, and I crapped my pants right before I got the door open. This,” she tapped on a photo of herself from the front, standing and smiling in front of a huge TV, “is the selfie I posted right after I got home. And this,” she said, swiping right once, “is what I actually looked like”.

The second photo almost made Jenny gasp out loud; it depicted Sophia from a side angle, revealing a huge bulge in the seat of her pants where she had indeed soiled herself. Clearly, the girl had been just as desperate as she claimed. And Jenny admired the cheek of her, to post something so naughty on social media to millions of followers, knowing that her career could be ruined if she had turned just a few degrees before taking it. She’d gotten a similar thrill out of vlogging from a pissed-in bed, true, but this was another level of secretive. It gave Jenny a few ideas.

“You know what?” Jenny said, relenting, “I think that does beat mine. But I love having someone to talk to about this stuff. None of my friends would get it, y’know?”

“I do know,” Sophia nodded, “but look- starters are here!”

She wasn’t lying- plates of caviar, scallops and onion rings were being carried towards the table by smartly-dressed waiters. The two younger women agreed, at the request of a nauseated Keira, not to bring up pee or poop until the eating was over.

Two hours later, they left the restaurant feeling full, tired and satisfied, and it wasn’t until much later, as she was drifting off to sleep, that Jenny realised that nobody had mentioned making videos.

———————————————————————————————————————————————

She woke up with a familiar feeling in her stomach: fullness. Waking up in a state of urgently needing to shit was not even close to unusual in Jenny’s life, so this didn’t surprise her, especially after the size of the meal she’d stuffed down her throat the night before. Already, she could feel poop filling her rectum, weighing down heavily with sheer volume. She farted without knowing she was going, the low, raspy kind that started to smell right away. It was going to be big and it was going to need to come out soon.

Unconcerned, she reached over and grabbed her phone from the bedside table. There was so much to catch up on before she wanted to even think about getting out of bed. Overnight, in part thanks to the time difference between L.A. and home, she’d gotten plenty of messages from friends and family. There were undoubtedly dozens from fans, too, but she usually let Keira worry about those. And one particular notification caught her eye right away: a message from Sophia.

Morning! it read, followed by a yawn face. The message was only about ten minutes old.

Hey x she replied, trying to keep it casual. But the reply she got was anything but.

I had wayyyyyyy too much Pepsi last night. Feel like I’m gonna pee the bed.

I’m busting for a poo, Jenny sent back, really don’t wanna get up tho

Sophia slapped down a few laughing emojis, followed by: at least this isn’t a Marriott. I got banned from one of those for peeing in the bed.

You’re kidding?! Jenny sent, I’ve wet a few hotel beds before and nobody ever complained. Maybe the British are just more sensitive to these things 😉

I was superrrrr pissed off bc I gave them a great video review and they banned me over one teeny tiny lil accident

Damn, Jenny said, the only time I ever got in trouble with a hotel was when I got really drunk and shit the bed in a Premier Inn near Sheffield, and that was only a fine.

That’s dumb. Pee ruins a bed wayyyyy more than a bit of poop, Sophia pointed out.

I know! I wonder if this place would fine me if I pooed myself in this bed. I really need to, Jenny said. It bought back memories of a time, a few years ago, when a mixture of laziness and cockiness had led to a messy accident in her bed back home.

I wouldn’t try it haha

I’m jealous of you, Jenny said, followed by a moaning face.

Why?

You can just roll right out of bed and wee in the shower. I can’t poop in mine

Oh trust me… u can

Haha what? Have u? Jenny said, not sure if she was joking or not.

Maybe…

U have 2 tell me now!!!

Okay, once, but only bc I really couldn’t hold it in, Sophia admitted. I managed to get it down the drain tho.

No chance I could do that. My dumps are usually huge

Oh really?

Yeah, especially when am desperate

Ohhhhh better not try it then haha

I’d better go now actually, it’s poking out and I’m farting really bad, Jenny said. It seemed so strange to her how they’d grown so close so quickly and were already up for talking so intimately.

Yeah, enjoy! I’m gonna go have a nice long shower

And a nice long wee in it I assume?

I’d be lying if I said no… came Sophia’s final message, talk soon!

Jenny flicked her phone off and slid out of bed, farting again as she moved. The intense pressure in her bowels once she was on her feet made her wonder if she might have left it a little too long again. An accident right now would be disastrous, because she had woken the same way she slept- completely butt naked. If she were to lose control at that moment in time, the poop that she could feel bunging up her bum would simply fall and splatter onto the expensive, beautifully polished floor. The thought of it made her grimace and instinctively move a hand over her hole as if to catch anything that escaped.

Fortunately, the bathroom was only a few steps away and she made it just in time. For a brief moment she eyed the shower, remembering what Sophia had said- but only a brief moment. The more logical part of her mind knew that her loads were surely too big to ever stand a chance of being stomped down a drain. And she couldn't risk anyone finding out about it. So instead she turned and sat on the open toilet seat, moaning audibly in relief as it slid out of her. She could hear enough to know that it was big and sloppy- the best kind, in her eyes.

—————————————————————————————————————————

They reached the Hollywood sign just before midday- the perfect place to shoot a video designed for both British and American audiences, somewhere recognised across the world. In fact, the plan was to shoot two separate videos. One would go on Jenny’s channel, and one on Sophia’s. It was a formula that had worked for as long as YouTube stars had reigned, and they doubted they could go far wrong with it now.

Just as they had expected, the area was jammed with tourists. That worked perfectly to their advantage. They wanted a big sample of the public they could interact with, and hey, if it was a multicultural sample, that could only be a bonus.

Sophia turned up in some of the tightest jeans Jenny had ever seen, faded black and shaped strictly enough to accent the crease where crack met back. This was the first time she’d really gotten a good look at the girl’s butt, and she liked what she saw.

“Is that bum real?” she asked, eyeing it approvingly. Sophia shook her head right away.

“Nah, these are implants,” she said with a wink, “they look real enough when you get the clothes off, though”.

“Don’t they feel weird?”

“Usually? No. Only when two things happen”.

“Let me guess: anal and pooping?” Jenny asked.

“Bingo, got it in one. Apart from that I barely notice they’re in there”.

“So how does it feel?”

“Which one?”

“Having a poo,” Jenny clarified.

“Oh, just a little less warm, really,” she said.

“Have you ever crapped yourself with those in?”

“Yeah, a couple of times,” she said, as if it it was nothing, “it feels really weird when it squashes on your cheeks- if you have to sit down, that is. Almost tingles a little”.

They were right up at the top of the hill by then, the letters looming large above them. This was the busiest area, but it was noisy enough that neither girl was exactly worried about being overheard.

“While we’re on that subject, you wanna know a secret?” Sophia said, leaning in closer to Jenny so that even Keira couldn’t hear, “I really have to take a poop right now”.

Jenny’s eyes went wide. “Really?” she asked, “I doubt it’s as bursting as I was this morning”.

“It will be soon, I bet”.

“What are you gonna do?”

“I think I can hold it until the end of the shoot,” she said, “we won’t be here too long”.

“And what happens if you can’t hold it?”

The American girl laughed sardonically. She was holding her belly with one hand. “Then ol’ Sophia’s gonna be buying herself a new pair of jeans”.

———————————————————————————————————————————

The shoot, in the event, was an absolute breeze. Jenny and Sophie were in their element, waltzing around the place and getting quick-fire footage of just about everything and anything they thought might make good viewing. Later on, their editors would be able to file through the clips and pull out the bits that were worthy of the final product, but neither woman struggled for ideas. They met dozens of people who happened to be wondering around, mostly Americans but some from all over the place. And, as ever, a few of them recognised one or both of the girls. When that happened they would stop for a chat and a photo, but never for long before they moved on to the next spot, the next scene, the next laugh.

Keira hovered around, making sure to stay in the vicinity without ever getting close enough that people would suspect she was linked to Jenny or Sophie. She was always aware at times like these that her client was likely to run into someone who idolised her, and having a stuffy agent hanging around would be sure to break the magic of the experience. After all, nobody wanted to be reminded that their hero had a manager, who took care of money and meetings and sponsorships. Besides, Jenny worked best without supervision, when she was given permission to let go of her inhibitions and do whatever she thought was funny. On that, at least, her instincts were usually right. Keira always made sure to watch from a distance, of course, in case something went wrong… but it was better if Jenny was able to pretend that wasn’t the case.

The only grey cloud hanging over proceedings was Sophia’s increasing need to poop, which was becoming less funny and more worrying as time went on. At the start of the shoot she was her usual self: talkative, excitable, enjoying everything and occasionally making crude jokes in Jenny’s ear about how badly she had to go. By the time they wrapped up, though, she looked very much like a girl on the edge of disaster. She’d grown quieter, rather distracted. So Jenny wasn’t surprised that, when they decided they’d grabbed all the footage they needed, Sophia pulled her aside and looked at her with serious eyes.

“I don’t think I’m gonna make it, Jenny,” she said, squirming uncomfortably where she stood.

“Shit, is it that bad?”

"Yeah. It’s already poking out a little”.

Jenny glanced around, intending to look for something that might help, and instead found something far scarier: Keira marching towards them. She must’ve noticed they’d finished the shoot and come to drag them along to the next location.

“How’d it go?” she asked, holding her phone in one hand and a cup of coffee in the other, looking every bit the stereotypical agent from an old TV show. Jenny thought, not for the first time, that Keira somehow became far more professional in the States. She fits in here, Jenny mused. Like she was born in the wrong country.

“Uh, yeah, it was pretty good,” Jenny said, feeling bad for Sophia, who was trying not to show her desperation, “I think we got everything we need”.

“Okay, cool”. Keira sipped from her coffee cup and, as it often did, her phone started to vibrate. Jenny had heard the sound of that vibration more times than she would ever be able to count over the years, but as ever it made Keira jump a little. She looked down at the screen and her face lit up a little. “Hey, this is the guy from YouTube Rewind. I’ll be five minutes,” she said, turning and walking away as she answered.

Jenny spun back to Sophia, who was wide-eyed. One hand was subtly massaging her left buttcheek in a vague attempt to help hold it. She knew Sophia would get over it quickly if she had an accident, but first there would be a long, awkward ride in a smelly car for them to get through, and Jenny didn’t think that either she or Keira would enjoy that too much.

A memory came to her then, something triggered by the thick bushes peppered around the landscape that the enormous white letters dominated. It bought her back to her late teenage years, a trip to the New Forest just a few hours from where she grew up. Those were the days not long before she went from Jenny the failure to Jenny the internet star. They’d been in a field full of bushes not dissimilar to these ones when she’d been caught short, and she’d had to…

She felt for her purse, unzipped it, fumbled inside. There was half a packet of Kleenex in there. Of course there was. Tissues were one of the few things Jenny never forgot to go anywhere without- at least not since her accident in London the year before- because they never left her bag. She pulled the packet out and looked at Sophia, who was jiggling her legs like a marionette, then at the surrounding area. It was still busy, teeming with tourists. Everyone was looking at the sign. Nobody was looking at the bushes. Jenny made her decision.

“Follow me”.

“Where?”

“This way,” she said simply. She led Sophia away, further and further from the crowds and up the hill a little. The noise of the people behind them slowly quietened but did not die out. As she walked, Jenny examined each bush they passed like she was searching them for contraband, trying to decide which ones were both thick enough and far away enough to duck into. Finally, she spotted it: a towering plant well over two metres tall and wide enough to build a bed in. She gently took Sophia’s free hand and guided her through an opening. From there, she could barely see the outside world, and she was confident that nobody could see in. “You can do it here”.

Jenny had half-expected Sophia to argue, to say that there was no way she could possibly do something so gross and- more to the point- illegal. But Sophia did not put up any protest at all. Still dancing where she stood, she unbuttoned those impossibly tight jeans, forced them down- just barely- and squatted, moving frantically. Jenny knew she wasn’t supposed to look, but nothing in her brain compelled her to look away, not even when the unloading began.

It could only be described as a thick, heavy river of brown sludge that poured out of this skinny girl in loose chunks as though a tap had been opened. Almost as soon as the first piece emerged, Sophia closed her eyes and let out a groan of relief so loud that Jenny was almost worried someone might hear and discover them. It landed with an all-too-satisfying crunch in a pile on the dry leaves below, growing dangerously close to being tall enough to touch Sophia’s dangling butt. The noise was one thing, but it was the smell that really took Jenny by surprise- it was even stronger than what she’d encountered in the airport bathroom, and certainly pungent enough to give even Jenny’s most desperate dumps a run for their money.

“That feels so much better!” Sophia groaned, brushing her hair aside with one hand so she could peak between her legs at the growing load. Jenny, too, couldn’t keep her eyes off it, although she had no idea why. Hovering just above the pile was one of the neatest pussies Jenny had ever seen, tightly tucked in and smooth-skinned, with an impeccably trimmed triangle of hair just above the mound that looked like it had been drawn on with a ruler and protractor. Clearly, Sophia took a lot of pride in how she looked down there. She must get a lot of action to bother with that much effort, Jenny thought. She herself liked to keep things looking good, of course, but Sophia was on a different level. Jenny found herself hoping that Sophia didn’t think she was staring at her pussy.

Soon, with a few final pushes and grunts, Sophia seemed to finally be empty. Only then did something important finally dawn on her. She looked up at Jenny, clearly concerned.

“Please tell me you have something to wipe with,” she said meekly. Jenny grinned and pulled the packet of Kleenex out of her purse, waggling it cockily before tossing it for Sophia to catch. She fumbled it at first attempt and it almost fell straight into the mess on the floor, but on her second try the Texan managed to wedge it between her thigh and palm and retrieve it safely.

“You are a total lifesaver, Jenny,” she said, beginning to wipe, “I was pretty sure I was gonna shit myself back there”.

“Why didn’t you just come over here ages ago?” Jenny asked. She noticed that Sophia, just as Jenny had always done, examined the dirty toilet paper for a second after each wipe before dropping it onto the pile. Why so many people did this was something she couldn’t put her finger on; it was unclear exactly what they thought they might find. A strange colour? A $20 bill? A letter inviting them to attend a school for wizards and witches? Jenny was reasonably sure that all they ever actually saw was the same as all she ever saw- poop. But she’d done it her whole life anyway.

“Because I don’t know you well enough to know if you’d be grossed out by it,” Sophia explained, “I grew up on a huge farm and I go for long walks all the time, I’m used to using bushes for bathrooms, I just wasn’t sure if you were”.

“Oh, nah, I’m fine with it,” Jenny said. She waved her hand in front of her face the way she often did when she wanted to express that something was no big deal. “A few years ago I had to do exactly what you just did back in England. But we should probably get back before Keira notices we’re gone”.

Sophia checked the latest tissue, on which Jenny could only detect the faintest hint of a brown smear. It joined four or five more soiled ones on the floor. She did not reach for another one.

“Yeah, just give me a second-“ she scrunched up her face in concentration, and after a small pause, a stream of pee started hissing from between her legs and flowing onto the pile. It soaked through the stained paper and ran through the gaps between the loose pieces there. An inevitable sigh of warm pleasure followed. “I knew that needed to come out,” she said eventually.

“I’m surprised it didn’t come out while you were doing the other thing,” Jenny said, this time forcing herself to avert her eyes.

“I sometimes poop before I pee if I’m really bursting”. It wasn’t a long one, though- Jenny guessed that she hadn’t had to pee too bad- and soon she was pulling out one more tissue to wipe herself dry. “Okay, now we can get out of this shitty thing”.

—————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————

Under Kiera’s orders, Jenny was tucked up in bed by 10PM that evening. They were up early in the morning- a trip to film in the original Disneyland wasn’t something Jenny could do often, and her agent wanted to take full advantage of the fourteen-hour opening times. They’d gone over the plan at dinner, which had been a far more low-key affair that night: the girls would be up at six, leave the hotel at twenty past and aim to get into the park when it opened at eight. That gave them all the time they needed to film the kind of content that YouTube fans had been lapping up for years. It wasn’t original, but it worked. That was Keira’s strategy almost all of the time, and it was a big part of what had made Jenny rich, so she rarely felt like arguing with it.

Although she wouldn’t admit it, Jenny was excited too, and so she’d tried extra-hard to get everything right before slipping into bed that night. The clothes she wanted to wear the next day were neatly laid out on the bed, everything she needed to take sat in her bag on the dresser and she’d set three alarms. Most importantly of all, though, was the twenty minutes she’d spent in the bathroom that evening, squeezing every last drop of pee out of her restless bladder and triple-checking that she definitely didn’t have to poop. Only when she was totally satisfied that she wouldn’t be woken in the night did she finally wipe and walk nude from the toilet into her luxurious bed.

And yet she couldn’t sleep. It didn’t make much sense to her- she’d felt tired that afternoon, and done almost everything she usually did before bed. A sleepless night wouldn’t do anyone much good, she reasoned… but she found herself reaching for her phone anyway. The screen flickered to life gloriously. And on it- received barely ten minutes ago- was a notification from Sophia. Jenny’s thumbprint unlocked the device right away and she clicked to open Snapchat. It wasn’t a long message.

You awake?

Jenny rubbed the patch around her left eye with the palm of one hand and started to type a reply.

Yeah

Relenting in her quest to get an early night, she opened up Twitter and started to scroll. But she could barely read anything before Sophia got back to her, forcing her to tap the notification and switch apps again.

Can’t sleep 😞 not used to going to bed this early

Nah me neither. Wanna talk? Jenny tapped out.

Sure 🙂 thanks again about earlier

Jenny smiled at this. Np x couldn’t let u shit urself haha

Excited 4 tomorrow?

Yesssssss, Jenny wrote, never been before

I have, you’ll love it x

Is it good for filming?

Yeah usually

Bet it’s gonna be busy tho, Saturday in August. Queueing up a lot was one of the few things Jenny hadn’t been looking forward to about the weekend.

Not if you’re smart about it, Sophia replied, just don’t get in any long lines without going potty first haha

Speaking from experience?

Maybe I’ll tell you tomorrow 🙂

Jenny couldn’t work Sophia Young out. She was both open and secretive, enigmatic and easy-going, forthcoming and withholding. And yet she knew all too well what it was like to live your life in the public eye, to desire privacy while building your whole appeal on your willingness to share with the internet. It was hard- impossible, Jenny would say- to strike that balance. You couldn’t keep your viewers feeling like they were involved in your world whilst still keeping the secrets you wanted to. Maybe that was why Sophia had latched onto Jenny so soon, and was suddenly so ready to share her secrets, to tell her about one of the few parts of her life she wasn’t rewarded for talking about.

Jenny thought she could relate to that part of it, too, that urge to have someone who you could talk to about these intimate things because they were one of the only people who understood what was it like to be forbidden from mentioning it. That, she decided, was surely why she had spent so much of the last two days talking so openly to this woman she barely knew. It was nothing more than getting a weight off her shoulders. And yet she knew as well that it was far more than that.

I’d like that, Jenny sent.

——————————————————————————————————————————

Jenny looked at her watch: quarter to eight, just fifteen minutes before the park opened. They’d arrived ahead of schedule, with the drive taking well under the eighty minutes Keira had planned for, but there had been a crowd forming outside the gates even before the three women had gotten through bag-checks and joined the line. There was no shortage of things to do while they waited, though- people kept coming up to Sophia (and a few to Jenny) saying that they were fans of their videos, that they’d been subscribed for three/five/seventy years and asking for photos or autographs. Neither girl minded obliging, partly because they usually enjoyed talking to their fans and partly because being rude to a viewer would get them cancelled faster than a racial slur.

After a while, it seemed as though everyone outside the park who recognised them had finished coming over, saying hi and moving on. Jenny, Sophia and Keira were left alone to talk and pass the time before the gates opened. Their plan mainly consisted of doing what they did best: mucking around, having fun and filming whatever seemed at all worth watching. When the park got busiest around early afternoon, they would maybe start interviewing, getting some vox pops done and they’d even thrown around the idea of trying out some prank-show style material Sophia had pitched at dinner.

But Jenny didn’t know when she’d ever get a chance to come back to Disneyland, so she was insistent that they should get on as many big rides as possible in-between all the filming. Sophia, being a natural thrill-seeker, greeted this idea with an abundance of enthusiasm. Keira was less than keen, and her reasons were simple: creating videos made Jenny money, riding the Jungle Cruise did not. She softened her position considerably, however, when Sophia pointed out that they would probably film themselves on the rides too. That was typical of a day in Keira’s mind. The key was to look for a way that what you wanted to do could also be beneficial to Keira’s wallet. Jenny had gotten a knack for it over the years.

The minutes flew by and before she knew it Jenny was being shepherded along with the crowd, through the turnstiles and into one of the most astonishingly detailed places she’d ever set foot in. They entered into what looked like an old American street, lined on both sides with shops and places that sold an incredible array of food and drink. Something Sophia had told her the night before came back to her then- something about how you should never get into a long line without visiting the bathroom.

Looking at the variety and volume of things you could buy and consume in this area alone, Jenny thought she fully understood what the girl meant. It would be all too easy, especially for someone like Jenny, to overfill herself on cola, hot dogs and cotton candy and end up having an embarrassing accident. Not that that was going to stop her; Jenny had plenty of strengths, and resisting temptation had never, ever been one of them. Keira seemed to be thinking along the same lines, eyeing the menu signs nervously as they passed. The only saving grace for her was that both girls wanted to spend the morning doing as many rides as possible, so she had at least a few hours before the time came to eat.

The two Brits had agreed to let Sophia, as the experienced one, guide their way when they entered the park. After all, one glance at the map stationed by the turnstiles had been enough to tell Jenny that this was a place it was easy to get more than a bit lost in. So they followed the Texas girl down the street, just far ahead enough of the main crowd to be able to keep up a good pace. Jenny couldn’t keep her eyes off of the huge castle that towered up ahead, but instead Sophia cut left and led them under a sign labelled Adventureland. Jenny wasn’t sure exactly where they were going, but she was excited nonetheless. And she had to pee.

That part came as something of a surprise. She hadn’t really noticed until they started walking again that her bladder was already beginning to fill up, even though she’d been before bed and as soon as she’d woken up just two hours earlier. But she pushed the worry to the back of her head- Sophia had technically only warned her about peeing before getting into a long queue, and at this time of day she doubted there would be many of those. She knew, though, that it might be a good idea to look for a bathroom relatively soon.

As they walked, she spotted several signs sporting names that she recognised well popping up to her left. The Jungle Cruise, Pirates of the Caribbean… and then, hovering ominously in the distance, a huge white mansion with a queue already snaking up to it.

“What’s in there?” she asked Sophia, pointing.

“Oh, that’s the Haunted Mansion,” Sophia replied, “the only ride here I have literally wet my pants on”.

“Is it really scary?”

“No, I just really had to pee. We’ll go on it later. Or tomorrow, maybe”.

Jenny briefly considered mentioning that she needed a wee, but in the end decided against it. It was a long way from an emergency still, and she didn’t want to disrupt Sophia’s rhythm. She’d almost forgotten that Keira was beside them, walking briskly along like a studio executive trying to keep track of her actors. Jenny supposed that wasn’t too far off the truth. Around the corner appeared a quaint little hill with rooty branches jutting out of the top.

“Is that where we’re going first?”

“Bingo,” said Sophia, “prepare to get very wet”.

————————————————————————————————————————————

The early morning went by in a blur, with Sophia rushing excitedly from ride to ride and Jenny and Keira trailing behind like obedient ducklings. They got soaked on Splash Mountain, crossed the park to head under Sleeping Beauty Castle and got some great footage of themselves interacting with characters before joining the queue for Peter Pan’s Flight, which impressed Jenny when Sophia told her it was well over sixty years old. They were both a little disappointed, though, with the videos they managed to film on Space Mountain, which consisted almost entirely of pitch-black darkness and screaming.

Throughout all of this, Jenny thought she had a pretty good handle on her quickly-filling bladder. She’d been pleasantly surprised with the patience her body had shown in the first few hours of the day, still feeling a long way from desperate despite how long it had been since the first urge had made itself known. She would have to go fairly soon, sure, but it wasn’t an emergency yet by any stretch. So she let herself get swept up in the excitement, focusing on having a good time and getting as much footage as possible.

It was around eleven when Keira tentatively suggested a bathroom break. Jenny suspected she was surprised that they’d gone this long without anyone mentioning needing the toilet. And, with Jenny’s track record, who could blame her? Keira was used to having to babysit Jenny in some ways, and Jenny was used to being babysat by Keira in a similar vein. But Sophia hadn’t shown any signs of needing to go yet, and Jenny didn’t want to be the reason the fun (and the productivity) was interrupted, so she kept her mouth shut. She was sure she could hold it in for another hour or so, and by then it would be time to start thinking about lunch. So, when Keira mentioned it, Jenny was perhaps a little too confident in her rebuttal.

“Nah, we’ll be fine,” she said dismissively, eager to keep herself in Sophia’s good books, “I won’t need to go for ages”.

“Well, I do,” Keira said, “so I’ll meet you back here in ten minutes, okay?”

Jenny was surprised at this. It wasn’t common for Keira to head to the toilet before she did, especially not in front of company. “Sure, see you in a bit,” she said. And ten minutes? Jenny had never known her agent to take anywhere near that long to pee. Which could only mean…

But then Sophia was tugging on her wrist, leading her to somewhere new. It was always the same: every time Jenny spotted something shiny or unique, she couldn’t resist whipping out the camera to get whatever recording she could. And she had never fancied herself as much of a camerawoman- which meant it was just as well that most of her videos were filmed in her bedroom, with a painfully adjusted lighting setup, using a totally stationary camera. That said, she thought that some of the clips she was grabbing around the park weren’t half bad, even when acknowledging that a camera as expensive as hers made it easy to make things look nice. Even if her footage turned out to be garbage, she was sure that Jimmy, her editor, could turn it into something salvageable.

In their ever-changing surroundings, as the endless tides of fans and bemused members of the public alike came and went, the only constant for Jenny was her bladder. By the time Keira departed to get some relief of her own, there was rarely a moment when she wasn’t aware of the fullness down there, and it was only getting more pressing as the seconds ticked by. Still, though, she wanted to stick with Sophia, so she said nothing.

Keira returned just shy of the ten minutes she had promised, looking more than a little flushed. Jenny could only assume she’d had a particularly difficult poo to push out and had rushed it to get back on time, but she didn’t see the point in asking for details. They headed at once to one of the few areas left in the park that they hadn’t visited yet- following Sophia’s lead yet again, they weaved into an old wild-west town and towards one of the rides Jenny had been more excited for than any other: Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, an enormous mine train that Sophia had promised packed more of a punch than it looked like.

Once they got close enough, a squinting Keira deciephered the number showing on the electronic board that displayed the estimated queue time: thirty-five minutes. Even wanting to impress Sophia, Jenny was self-aware enough to be sure that waiting that long was a bad idea. Maybe fifteen months earlier, before she’d sat down for those long talks with Keira about her reputation and the importance of being vigilant, she would surely have leapt into that queue without a second thought. She had changed, though. Or at least, that’s what she’d thought.

“Holy shit, the line’s never this short!” Sophia said excitedly, grabbing Jenny’s wrist again and making a charge for the entrance as if it was a gate about to shut, “come on, we better get in now while we still can”.

“Wait, can I go for a wee first?” Jenny said, “I mean, if we’re going to join a line…”

“Can it wait?” Sophia asked dubiously, “in two minutes time this line could be more like an hour”.

Jenny wasn’t completely sure it could wait, but she didn’t want to disappoint her new friend, so she reluctantly followed her into the line. They walked together for a while, the three of them, until they hit foot traffic and came to a stop. By the time Jenny turned around, there were already dozens of people piling up behind them, blocking the passage back out. Unless she wanted to push through all those people, the only way she was getting to the bathroom was onwards.

She would have to go through the queue and onto the ride before she could pee.

————————————————————————————————————

Despite Sophia’s assurances that estimated queue times were usually pretty spot on, Jenny could see no way that they would be on the ride within the thirty-five minutes they were promised. Maybe it was her mind- and her bladder- playing tricks on her, but they seemed to be moving at the pace of a one-legged marsupial. After what had surely been at least ten minutes in the line, Jenny looked back and saw the point where they’d first stopped just a few yards away. She checked her watch. Three minutes had passed. Groaning internally, she leant against a fence behind her and tried to arrange her legs in a position she found somewhat comfortable. That was easier said than done; by this point her bladder wasn’t letting up, totally refusing to give her even a short break.

She hadn’t wanted to let either Keira or Sophia know that she had to go, hoping to keep her composure until they were out of the ride area and she could casually go to the bathroom as if she barely needed it. After a while, though, playing it cool grew too difficult and she couldn’t keep up the front of nonchalance. As she leant up a faux rocky wall, right leg folded tightly over the left, Jenny realised that Sophia was eyeing her suspiciously. Only then did Jenny notice that she had been subtly bouncing up and down a little where she stood. The Texan girl opened her mouth to speak… and then shut it again. She shot a meaningful glance towards Keira and whipped her phone out of her pocket. Jenny didn’t need the deliberate nod of the head Sophia gave her to understand what she was trying to say.

Sure enough, within a few seconds she felt the familiar buzz of her mobile in her pocket. Keira was examining some of the faded articles and props on the walls- unlikely to notice that the two young women she was supposed to be in charge of were having a secret conversation a few feet from her. Jenny withdrew her phone and opened Sophia’s message.

You gotta pee? it read. Jenny knew right away that she’d been caught red-handed, although this was hardly a surprise given how experienced the other girl was in getting desperate in public herself.

Yeah :l what gave it away?

Oh pls, I’ve crossed my legs like that a thousand times before, Sophia replied. Y didn’t u go when Keira did?

Jenny thought about that for a second. Why didn’t she go when Keira did? At the time she’d thought she’d had a good reason, but looking back it seemed almost ridiculous.

I didn’t want u waiting for us, she typed. Then another question rose to the surface again. Idk how you don’t need to go yet, it’s been ages.

Sophia’s reply was brief. I do need to go!!!!!

Jenny looked up and caught her eyes. They were wide, almost fearful.

Y didn’t u say????

Bc I thought you wanted to wait, Sophia said.

So u need 2 pee too?

Just one word in response this time. No.

Uh oh, Jenny wrote back. She didn’t know what else to say. How bad is it?

Sophia looked at her phone for a few seconds as if she was trying to make a decision. Then, slowly, she typed something. Jenny started down at the screen, eager despite herself to receive a response as soon as possible.

Rlly bad. Might not make it :l

Oh shit, replied Jenny. Then: no pun intended. sorry.

She looked up and, for the first time in a while, took a proper look at Sophia. Now she was paying attention, the signs were obvious, and she couldn’t figure out how it had taken her so long to realise that the girl was in pretty deep trouble. Her whole body seemed tense, as if she thought one loose step could lead to disaster. Both legs were pressed tightly together, from toes that were almost touching all the way up to tanned thighs that squished against each other and doggedly clenched butt cheeks. A thought occurred to Jenny then and she sniffed the air as subtly as she could. Maybe it was simply because she was looking for it now, but suddenly she could smell farts in the air, no more than a tinge of shitty scent in the well-ventilated pathway. Judging by the gentle breeze that washed past them where they stood, the fart Jenny was smelling had to be fairly recent. She was drawn out of her investigation by another text from Sophia.

Wbu? Desperate yet?

Jenny thought about that for a second before replying. In the shock of finding out Sophia’s situation, she’d temporarily forgotten about her own need, but now that was all back like a wave crashing into the sands.

Yeah, absolutely busting 4 a wee, she said, probably need a poo too but that can wait.

Lucky bitch, Sophia sent, following by a laughing face. Jenny got the impression that she was, in fact, far from in the mood to laugh.

If you only need a shit and I only need to piss then neither of us are lucky, she pointed out.

Sophia started typing, for longer than usual this time. Jenny returned to bouncing on the spot as she waited- barely at all, just on the balls of her feet, in an effort to hold it in- and wondered what the other girl was typing.

If you wet urself then it’s just pee. If I poop my pants I’m defo gonna piss too, Sophia argued. Before Jenny could reply, she got more:

Probably don’t do that in public haha

Do what? Jenny asked, genuinely confused.

You just squeezed your pussy

Jenny instantly felt herself turning red. Did I? She hammered back.

Yeah didn’t u notice?

Noooooooo

In real life, Sophia shook her head in bemusement before she replied. Well shit girl, you must really need to go.

You have no idea, Jenny wrote. She thought for a second, glanced up at Sophia, who was still standing like a statue of a mermaid, and corrected herself. Well, maybe you do.

—————————————————————————————————————————

The ride was agony. Jenny had time to think to herself that she’d probably love it under any other circumstances, but all her mind could bring itself to pay attention to was doing whatever it took not to flood her panties and jeans with hot, salty pee. In a way, she was both surprised and impressed that she made it to the station without losing control, a sentiment that Sophia echoed when she whispered I can’t believe I haven’t shit my pants yet into Jenny’s ear as they waited to get onto the train. They were assigned seats at the very back of the ride, with Keira sitting alone on the row in front.

When the ride attendant had pressed the restraints down into Jenny’s lap, she’d almost burst there and then. For a few seconds, as they waited to start moving, she looked down at the floor of the cart, unable to stop herself from visualising the way the pee would flood them out if she lost control. In her mind, she saw the pool of her own urine rising an inch deep, sloshing around and bashing against their ankles like spray on the shore, foaming and tangy yellow. She could almost smell it already.

One thing she could literally smell was coming from the airl sat next to her: farts. Sophia’s gas had only grown more and more noticeable as the queue had gone on, and by the time they boarded the train they were slipping out with alarming regularity. She seemed to be doing her best to keep it in, but to no avail. Clearly, something she had eaten was making her need to go like crazy. Towards the very end of the ride, the stench was so pungent that Jenny was sure everyone on the ride would be able to smell it were they not constantly moving.

She could only thank her lucky stars that they were positioned towards the back of the train. On another day she would be seriously concerned for Sophia, her bowels and her panties. Today, though, she was far too preoccupied with her own predicament. Every bump in the track, every turn, every change of pace- all of it made Jenny feel as if she was about to pump a huge squirt of pee into her jeans. When they reached the end of the track, the sudden brakes made the lap bar dig right into her bladder, and she felt her pussy go terrifyingly moist all at once. But no more than that.

When they finally came to a stop at the platform, Sophia looked at Jenny with sheer panic in the lines of her face.

“We need to go,” she said. Jenny didn’t have to ask what she meant. She too felt like she would have an accident if they didn’t get to a bathroom within minutes. The second the restraints came up, she took Sohia’s hand and they dashed towards the exit.

“Bathroom,” she explained simply to Keira over her shoulder. It was all she had time to say. Soon they were out and away, emerging at the front of the confused crowd of other guests and immediately starting to hunt for the nearest toilet. The whole morning, Sophia had been their tour guide- and yet suddenly she was storming around as if she’d never seen the place in her life before, sweating (Jenny was certain) from more than just the sun. They seemed to be taking the long way around, ducking around and under groups coming in the other direction. And the further they walked, the busier they seemed to get.

“Oh man, I’m gonna crap my pants any second now,” Sophia hissed, almost too frustrated and flapped to care who heard. Jenny struggled to keep up, walking with her bursting bladder. She didn’t understand how Sophia was moving so swiftly without losing control.

“I think I leaked back there,” Jenny said. The overwhelming urge to pee had grown so great that she gave into an instinct she had fought masterfully in public for most of her whole life- she willingly reached down and grabbed her pussy as she walked, squeezing tight in a last-ditch effort not to soak herself in the middle of the busiest theme park in California. In front of her, Sophia farted loudly.

“Sorry!” she cried, looking back over her shoulder. Keira was barely still in view, her head getting lost in the swarm of faces they had left behind. “Okay, there should be a bathroom right up ahead…”

Only at the sound of those words did Jenny look up, daring at last to hope that she might somehow make it in time. Despite all the odds, despite being sure that she was destined to flood her clothes, maybe they would get away with it. When she took in her surroundings, though, she realised where they were. There were people everywhere, hundreds of them- maybe thousands- in every direction. Nearby, the castle loomed tall, casting a shadow that barely caught the two women inside. Sophia stopped abruptly beside an ornate old carousel, and it took Jenny a few seconds to realise that her friend wasn’t moving anymore. She returned to Sophia’s side and knew from the look on her face exactly what was happening. She knew because it was happening to her, too. Out of the corner of her eye she saw a young woman standing and pointing at them. Not out of the ordinary when you were as famous as Jenny… but this time she suspected that they would get a lot more than an autograph.

“Sophia, where’s the loos?” she snapped, fearing that she already knew the answer. Sophia, though, just pointed. Jenny followed her gaze and saw it at once: a sign that clearly indicated a woman’s toilet… and a line that stretched the length of a limousine.

At the very sight of it, Jenny felt her resistance crumble. A loud, wet fart rumbled out from the girl to her left, the girl who tried so hard to keep her accidents a secret, just as Jenny had done for all those years. Judging by the people staring at them, this was not going to stay a secret. She became dimly aware of a hot trickle dampening the front of her panties and running down her leg.

“Fuck,” she said. There really was no other word for it.

That first squirt was quickly followed by another, longer and thicker, and soon it turned into a flow like a leaky tap. Jenny fought with everything she had to hold it back and nothing happened. She may as well have been trying to catch sand in a butterfly net. It came and kept coming, and no matter how hard she pressed her thighs together now there was no mistaking the hissing sound that she could suddenly hear so clearly, nor the patter of liquid on concrete that inevitably followed. She dared- no, forced herself- to look down and saw that the wet, dark stain on the front of her pants was already beyond hiding, and still growing by the second. Urine was saturating the crotch of the fabric and flowing out the bottom, as well as down each leg and towards her shoes.

In her peripheral, Sophia was losing a battle of her own. Even if the wet, squelching sound of her filling her panties was audible even over the bustle of the crowd, even if she couldn’t smell the Texan girl’s mess as if it was two inches from her face, Jenny knew that her new partner was shitting herself from the bulge that was slowly forming in the seat of her pants. It seemed not to be coming out so much as it was forcing itself through her tight hole, pushing her open and into her underwear, where it broke off and nestled there. Sophia had told Jenny that she took huge dumps; here, as the material of her jeans was stretched so much it looked like it could no further, was the proof. Jenny could only imagine how the girl’s poop must have been smearing and squishing against her butt, between her legs and towards her pussy, for no reason other than needing more space to go so that her ass could keep expelling what looked like a loose, solid crap.

One of the nearest observers, a teenage boy pointing a cameraphone and wearing a blue cap , leapt back suddenly in disgust and Jenny realised that the puddle of her piss on the floor was stretching out towards the crowd, expanding several feet around her in every direction. Sophia, holding a railing for balance, was so overcome by the desperate accident she was in the middle of that she didn’t even notice as the wee washed up against her stylish sandals. She could do nothing but keep pushing out poop, the bodily desire to bear down and empty herself taking over. It was as if part of Sophia’s mind had decided that the damage couldn’t get any worse, so she might as well get some relief. Jenny wondered if maybe that was what her body was doing, too.

Then, through the crowd, she saw a face she recognised: Keira’s face, pushing through the dozens of people watching to get to them. She seemed to already be over the shock of it all, and had flipped into agent mode: looking for people with phones and cameras, snatching them, demanding the owners delete the footage. Jenny watched on in shock, her explosive flow finally slowing to a mere dribble. As she watched, Keira looked over her shoulder at them with the expression of someone who couldn’t believe what they were seeing.

“Don’t just stand there!” Keira hissed, “get out of here! Anywhere where there aren’t people! I’ll find you later”.

That was enough to snap Jenny into action. For the first time, it was her who took Sophia’s hand and started to lead her away, away from the public, as far as they could go. Sophia was waddling along with a hand gingerly trying to stop her mess from falling out of the legs of her pants.

In the distance, Jenny saw something that made her heart sink: the back of the boy with the blue cap, slipping away between the lines of the thousands, most of whom had no idea what had just happened. His phone was still in his hand. Keira would make the rest of the spectators destroy their evidence, no doubt, but one had gotten away. And one was all it ever took.

Nothing Jenny could do about that now. Leading a shellshocked Sophia down Main Street, she chanced a quick look over her shoulder, in case Keira might be there to help. But all she saw was two sets of wet footprints on the tarmac behind them, and the disbelieving stares of a few dozen strangers who were wondering- she knew- if they were those two girls from YouTube.

——————————————————————————————————————————————————

Jenny gazed sullenly out of the taxi window, understanding but not caring that they were almost back at her house in London. Keira was beside her in the back seat, fast asleep. She’d been working non-stop on damage limitation, a task they all knew was fruitless. Soon she'd have to wake her up. But not yet.

She checked her phone. One message, from Sophia.

Still no sign of it yet, the message read.

Jenny thought for a moment, then replied.

It will turn up

Maybe it won't

It will, Jenny wrote back, eventually

A pause. Then:

Maybe when our careers are over, you should come live with me, it said.

For the first time in days, Jenny managed a smile. It was probably no more than flight of fancy, sure, but better than the reality. There was a time bomb over both of their heads, and they didn't know when it would go off. But there was someone else- maybe the only innocent one- in the blast zone.

Could Keira come? Jenny asked. A year ago she would never have even considered it, but now it seemed obvious.

Plenty of space in Texas 😉, came the reply.

I'd like that, Jenny wrote.

