HoloMess Extra ~Not As Big As They Thought~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2024-09-02 05:21

Hello! Welcome to my second installment of HoloMess Extra, where I break the rules I made for HoloMess. This time, I was inspired by recent news in Japan that the JAF raised the recommended height for car seats from under 140cm to under 150cm. I saw a lot of buzz after, with people identifying girls from various brands who were eligible for car seats, including some art! Seeing this, I decided to throw my own ideas in, using the girls in Hololive as a target.

Although the recommended height is only 149cm and under, there were several girls I wanted to include who were 150cm exactly, so I played with the rules.

I really hope you enjoy this one, since a lot of passion went into it this time.

“How many times do we have to tell you!” Murasaki Shion asserted. “We are not using those damn things!”

“Yeah, you heard her, stinky!” Gawr Gura double downed, sticking her tongue out at Hololive’s newest staff, Harusaki Nodoka.

“Usually I can’t stand agreeing with her, but I’m with Gura,” Amelia Watson agreed, an almost uncharacteristic pout following her statement.

“I’m pretty freaky, but this is way too much for me!” Houshou Marine appealed to the absurdity of the situation.

“Girls, please…,” the overwhelmed staff member pleaded between sighs.

Recently, there was a change in Japan’s automotive safety guidelines which increased the recommended height for the use of car seats from under 140 centimeters to under 150 centimeters. For most adults, this wasn’t an issue, as the new guidance was merely a recommendation intended for children, but Hololive’s investors and staff took the advice to heart. Not wanting any avoidable harm to come to their idols, the company opted to comply with the guidance, and even included the girls who were exactly 150 centimeters for good measure. 

Unfortunately, this did not go over well with the sixteen girls who got their dignity stripped from them in the blink of an eye. Ever since the policy change, the shorter girls have been constantly unwilling and whiny about having to follow the new instructions, leading the group to argue with not only staff, but taller Hololive members as well. The tantrums these overgrown babies were having caused Nodoka more than enough headaches, but now it was time to put her foot down and show the girls who’s in charge once and for all. This road trip was going to correct their bratty attitudes for sure.

“Enough!” Nodoka commanded, forcing the girls that were swamping her to take a step back. “This is how things are now, and we’re doing it because we care about you! If you don’t like it, fine. But you’ve all been acting way too immature for your ages.” The group of sixteen looked around awkwardly, some even catching the looks of disapproval from the taller members before they got on their own buses. “Your car seats are already installed in the bus. Get into your seat and I’ll buckle each of you in after I finish talking with A-chan.”

“Fine,” La+ Darknesss grumbled, before heading to the bus, dragging Sakamata Chloe along with her. Other girls such as Hakos Baelz, Airani Iofifteen and Tokoyami Towa stared daggers into the staff member before doing as they were told. Eventually every girl begrudgingly made it to their car seats, hoisting themselves up onto them. The bottoms of the seats spread the girls’ legs and lifted their skirts slightly, giving anyone who looked hard enough a free view of their panties. Outside, the junior staff member approached her senior.

“So, everything ready?” A-chan asked vaguely.

“Yup! I got all the ‘supplies’ and am ready to roll.” Nodoka said with high enthusiasm considering what she just had to deal with.

“Alright, I’ll await your report then.” With that, the two staff boarded their respective buses. Nodoka performed a quick scan of the bus before proceeding to fasten every girl in the bus in their custom-made car seats, ignoring any immature remarks as she did so. And with that, she took her seat near the bus driver and gave her the go ahead, starting what would be a humiliating road trip for all of the talent on board.

“Jeez, is there like any AC on this bus?” Anya Melfissa complained, pulling at the top of her dress to cool down.

“I knoowww, it’s so hoooot,” Kobo Kanaeru, Anya’s seatmate, agreed as sweat ran down her stomach.

“It’s just a bit stuffy is all,” Nodoka noted, acknowledging that being so close to each other in car seats probably made things a bit warmer for them. “Here, I brought some water bottles for everyone! I even loosened the tops ahead of time since you guys are a bit restrained in those seats.” The staff member handed each girl a bottle, making sure to put on her best smile despite any stray comments she caught from the members.

“We’re not babies, we coulda opened them ourselves nanora,” Himemori Luna chimed in, her sickly-sweet attire contradicting her words.

“You brats should be glad I didn’t give you sippy cups to drink out of!” Nodoka screamed internally but maintained her smile on the outside.

“Ah finally! I was sooo thirsty!” Koseki Bijou said with a sarcastic tone. Some of the other girls chuckled at Nodoka’s expense.

“Laugh it up girls,” the brown-haired staff said to herself as she watched the girls gleefully down their waters despite their complaints. “We’ll see who’s laughing in an hour.”

An hour came and went on the road, and Nodoka’s prediction had come true. Although they were trying to hide it to protect their pride, the girls were giving off signs of needing the bathroom. Even though they could’ve spoken up, none did, afraid of looking even more like a child.

“Mmmm,” Uruha Rushia groaned, both her hands squarely between her legs.

“Shion, I gotta… go…,” Minato Aqua whispered to her best friend, the two holding hands between their car seats.

“I know, me too… I think everyone does…,” Shion replied. Her seat was the only one capable of looking down the entire aisle of the bus, where she became increasingly aware of everyone’s shared predicament. As minutes passed without event and wiggles evolved into squirms and shakes, the need for a toilet as soon as possible became clear.

“Um, Nodoka, when’s the next rest stop?” Amane Kanata asked, finally breaking the silence on their obvious desperation.

“Oh, why didn’t you speak up earlier?” Nodoka replied, feigning ignorance. “We just passed one a couple of minutes ago. The next one’s not for another thirty to thirty-five minutes.” Dread washed over the bus. Girls looked at one another with pleading eyes, unsure of what to do or what their options even were. Each of them knew they had no chance of making it another half-hour. A couple of minutes later, before anyone could formulate a plan, they’d be proven right about their bladders.

“Ah! NO!” Iofi was the first to have her dam burst, a quick jet of urine instantly soaking through her overalls and pooling into her car seat. The painter’s accident triggered a chain reaction, as each girl started to lose their grip over their control.

“Ahhhhhh…” Marine tilted her head back as she let the feeling of wetting herself wash over her, her skirt drenched as the car seat’s lower belt pressed it against her groin. If this was any other circumstance, she’d probably get turned on, but currently the only thing she felt was humiliation.

“Shitshitshitshit,” Baelz tugged at her car seat randomly as her floodgates opened, the pee spilling over the front of the car seat and running down her thin legs into her socks and shoes.

“That’s right girls, show me how childish you really are,” Nodoka mused to herself, watching as the girls failed one after the other like dominos. She took a drink of her water, which unlike the other girls’, was devoid of the diuretic used to create the scene in front of her. The sixteen pee-soaked idols were none the wiser. In their chaos, each of them genuinely believed they failed to hold their bladders, no better than a toddler going through potty training.

“I-I can’t believe it…,” Aqua cried, the white of her outfit now mistakenly yellowish towards to bottom. Very little was said after. Only the sounds of the bus moving and the squelches of the girls readjusting in their puddles could be heard until they came to a stop at the rest area.

“Alright,” Nodoka said as she started undoing every girl’s car seat. “Clearly there’s something we need to talk about. But that can wait. For now, just grab some clean clothes and get yourself cleaned up and changed. I’ll clean up the messes in your seats the best I can in the meantime.” The girls grabbed some fresh clothes and started to file out of the bus and dash to the restrooms. Nodoka chuckled as she saw several girls grab some new panties, knowing exactly how futile that was about to be. After all the girls were clear of the bus, she pulled out her phone and contacted A-chan.

“Phase one was maybe a bit too successful,” Nodoka said with a hint of accomplishment.

“Good,” A-chan replied. “Prepare for phase two.”

After roughly an hour, the gaggle of short idols shuffled their way to the front of the bus, their wetting accidents still lingering over their heads. All of them were redressed in clean clothes, but each held a plastic bag containing their soaked items, a faint smell still emanating from them.

“How’s everyone feeling?” Nodoka emerged from behind the bus with a large, seemingly heavy bag in both of her hands. As she reached the front of the bus, she dropped the bag with a sigh of relief, her forehead soaked with sweat after racing to clean the bus and car seats from the flood that occurred earlier.

“Like an idiot,” Kanata spoke plainly. It wasn’t every day you wet yourself, especially as an adult in a car seat.

“Well, hopefully it’s a lesson learned. If you gotta pee, just say so, okay?”

“Okay,” several girls replied half-heartedly.

“Now, we gotta talk,” the staff member said firmly as she removed the contents of the large bag. What came out made the girl’s eyes widen.

“You can’t be serious!” Towa shouted in disbelief. Nodoka pulled out different size packages of diapers, as well as other diaper changing supplies.

“Dead serious, unfortunately. I already ran it through A-chan. Luckily, there’s a convenience store nearby and we were able to pick this up.” Another lie. The bag was in the bus before the girls arrived to board it the first time. But at this point, that was the last thing on the girls’ minds.

“First the car seat bullshit, and now this!” Ame yelled, moments away from stomping her feet in place.

“Yeah, we’re adults! Above that, we’re idols!” Rushia argued, squeezing the bag with her wet clothes in it.

“Absolutely not! You’ll have to put me in that kicking and screaming!” Anya declared. Many other cries joined in as the protests devolved into temper tantrums, each girl acting more and more like a child as the arguments went on. Nodoka had finally had enough.

“Quiet! All of you!” The sheer volume of Nodoka’s voice was loud enough to scare a pride of lions. For the group of misbehaving pants-wetters, it practically had all of them standing at attention. “I’ve had enough of each of your embarrassingly bad attitudes! Aren’t you all supposed to be idols?! Well right now, none of you seem idol-like! You barely seem mature enough to start kindergarten! I’ve been trying ever since this car seat policy started to be as nice and accommodating as possible! 

We know you don’t like it! We know it sucks! We’re not doing it because we want to hurt you! It’s literally the opposite! But you all keep trying to trample over me because you don’t like using a car seat!? Really!? That’s impossibly immature! So that’s it! I’m done being nice! You will do as I say because that’s what I’m telling you to do! Are we clear?!” All of the girls stood perfectly still, staggered by this side of Nodoka they’d never seen before. No one dared to raise their voice as the staff member caught her breath. “I… said… are we clear?”

“Yes Ma’am…,” The girls replied, a combination of fear and guilt surrounding them.

“Good. I’m going to call you one at a time. When I do, you’ll enter the bus with me and I’ll change you into a diaper and strap you into your car seat. Now, the car seats are still wet. It was too difficult for me to get out in such a short amount of time. I highly recommend you don’t wear anything over your diaper unless you want that getting soaked with pee too. And yes, that includes dresses. Am I understood?”

“Yes Ma’am…”

“Good. Starting with Aqua.” The maid vtuber quietly followed Nodoka into the bus before lying down on the floor. What was happening was invisible to anyone outside due to the high and dark-tinted windows, but it was obvious what was going on and what awaited the rest of the girls. After another half an hour, the girls were all successfully padded and strapped back in, all of them without anything covering their diapers, and some wearing only a bra and diaper as they only brought dresses. Nodoka gave the bus driver the signal to begin the last leg of the drive. She dug through her belongings and retrieved a container of cookies.

“Cookies? Why?” Iofi asked.

“This was meant for after we got to the inn, but I feel bad about my outbursts just now. It was mean and unprofessional of me. So, I’m gonna give them out now.” Nodoka approached each girl and gave them a large cookie, as well as another bottle of water.

“Um… thanks…,” Chloe said, awkwardly accepting the apology items.

“You’re welcome.”

Much like the first time around, the girls went through the water and cookies in no time flat, surely both thirsty and a bit hungry after the events today. As Nodoka plopped into her seat, she pulled out her phone and texted A-chan again, her expression warping into a grin.

“Wow, that was a tough performance!” Nodoka sent with a smile emoji.

“So they bought it?”

“Not a peep of resistance.”

“That’s great news! I wish I could see for myself!”

“Oh yeah, the finale is gonna be great.”

Nodoka leaned back in her seat, taking in the last few peaceful moments before things for the rest of the ride. The screaming took a lot out of her and laxatives in the cookies would act much quicker than the diuretics, after all.

The signs were much more obvious this time around. Various girls holding their abdomens, and the occasional stomach gurgle or flatulence were dead giveaways.

“Nodoka? I gotta poop,” Kobo spoke plainly. However, this time there were no more rest areas. And this was on purpose.

“I’ve noticed. The problem is, not only are there no more good rest areas until the inn, plus we’re already two hours behind schedule with the other girls. There’s no good way to say this, but you’re gonna have to use your diapers.” Nodoka took in the shocked reactions of the girls, doing everything in her power to hold back her laughter.

“But Nodoka-,” Bijou pleaded before being cut off.

“Sorry girls, that’s just the way of it. For what it’s worth, at least you won’t be alone in doing it.” None of the girls found that particularly funny, but they now had bigger matters to attend to.

“Ugh… can’t hold it…,” Kanata said between breaths, her body ready to give up on her. But before that could happen, someone else beat her to it.

“AHHH! NO NO NO NO!” Everyone in an aisle seat was able to look behind their shoulder and barely see Shion lose completely control. “This isn’t real! It’s an illusion!” Shion continued struggling as a long, firm log began to push out of her petite butt and coil into her diaper.

“Sh-shit,” Ame declared next to her, feeling her anus about to give out. She turned to her right, looking a pained Gura in the eyes. Without exchanging words, the duo held hands as they pushed their own mushy messes into their paddings.

“Ewww…,” Towa groaned, her poop having surged into her diaper all at once while she was distracted by Shion’s episode. Luna wasn’t faring much better next to her, but seeing Towa’s composure gave her the courage to let go.

“So warm… nanora…”

Some girls messed themselves so fast you could’ve missed it if you blinked. Similar to the wetting accidents, the girls messed themselves very quickly in succession after the first girl cracked. Speaking of wetting, Nodoka noticed the diapers on the girls were stained yellow at the front, indicating they all lost the fight with their bladders again without realizing it.

“Does it feel better now that it’s all out?” Nodoka did her best to try to frame the question to make it sound like she wasn’t teasing them, even though she definitely was.

“This sucks…,” Kanata whimpered.

“It’s so sticky and slimy,” Gura complained, trying not to move and spread the mess around.

“I suppose that’s fair. After all, there’s not much you can do to deal with it right now. But think of it this way! There’s only about thirty minutes left until we reach the inn.” The girls cast their eyes down. The seatbelts in their car seats didn’t allow them to move their butts much off the seats, meaning that the girls would literally have to sit in their messes and let them spread around their bottoms for the next half an hour. There were a lot of words to describe the sensations they were having, but instead, the diaper-messing idols opted to do was try to not think about it as they cringed to themselves. After all, in one day, they managed to prove to Nodoka that they are no more than babies how deserve to be diapered in their car seats. The staff member smiled, happy with a job well done.

The bus finally arrived at the inn, well after sunset. Having just experienced the worst day of their lives, the girls wanted nothing more than to take a long, hot shower and forget today ever happened. However, the girls were still in for one more piece of bad news.

“Alright, we’re here!” Nodoka smiled again, a gesture that felt mocking at this point. “However, we gotta get off quick, cause the driver isn’t allowed to idle for long, and I don’t think you wanna walk from the parking lot.”

“Wait, you mean…,” Aqua trailed off, mouth agape.

“Yeah, grab your stuff and get off,” Nodoka asserted as she undid everyone’s car seats quickly before returning to the front of the bus. “A-chan needs me to meet with her ASAP, so I can’t help you all with this one. But you girls are adults! I trust you’ll figure it out!” Before anyone could say anything, Nodoka left the bus and disappeared into the inn, leaving the girls to their fates.

“Come on girls! Chop chop! Unless you want security to find you like that!” The bus driver said, unfazed by the events of today.

The girls squealed as they were rushed off the bus, barely having time to grab their belongings before exiting the bus, their soiled diapers exposed to the open air. Unsure of what to do, the girls scrambled in every direction to try to get to their rooms without being seen.

Once the girls had all somehow made it to the rooms, they made cleaning up and changing a priority. As the days passed, everything would seem normal again. All the other staff and talents were already aware of the events that transpired that day, but they deliberately never mentioned it, content that the girls had learned their lessons. Never again did any of the shorter idols question or refuse the staff, especially Nodoka. When it was time to go, the girls were displeased to find their car seats now had a permanent yellow stain on them, but realized that it was probably left on purpose as a reminder of their immaturity. One by one, the girls sat in their seats, ready to prove their maturity despite their heights, having already learned that they’re not as big as they thought.

