Sophie's Curse

Author: nononono

*000*2023-05-20 17:24

Sophie Hisgrove anxiously glanced at the clock: 12:53. Still seven minutes to go. Seven minutes till freedom, until her time at university would be over. After the seemingly endless days at the library, nights brushing up on the Ottoman Empire instead of going to the pub, she was ready to reap the rewards of her hard work. Very soon, she'd be several pints deep in the beer garden at The Sheep and Tiger, making up for a month of exam induced abstinence. But first there was something very pressing she had to attend to. Trying to distract herself from her very full bladder, she glanced round the room. Her best mate Jasmyn's eyes had practically rolled back into her head, and Sophie knew exactly what was happening.

An explanation is necessary at this point. Sophie's world on the face of it looks a lot like the Planet Earth that you and I are familiar with. It's still 2023, there's still a Leeds University, and people aren't using jetpacks to get to Tesco. But unlike the world we know, everyone is born with a randomly allocated special power of some sort. A lucky few had powers that made their everyday life extremely comfortable, but most people's powers were fairly innocuous and made very little difference to their everyday lives. Sophie's dad, for example, had the power to cook ingredients perfectly using his mind, and owned one of the most exclusive restaurants in London as a result. Sophie's sister, on the other hand, had the power to sharpen pencils using her mind. A useful power, but hardly one that was going to change lives. 

It was Jasmyn's power that Sophie was very, very jealous of at this moment in time. When Jasmyn's bladder was full enough, she is able to transfer her urine elsewhere. In other words, she could urinate freely without getting her clothes dirty. Usually, she'd just divert her pee into a nearby river or stream, but occasionally, she had been known to send it to other people's bladders instead. She normally only did it to people that have pissed her off. Once, she accidentally transferred her piss into Sophie's bladder when they were both drunk and bursting for a wee in the queue for Popworld in fresher's week, an action which led Sophie to wet herself in front of most of her new course mates. Once again, Sophie was reaching breaking point, and was praying for the end of the exam so she could go and relieve herself.

Finally, the invigilator announced the end of the exam. Sophie had already undone the top button of her jeans, such was her desperation. Fortunately for her, Jasmyn had managed to send her pee somewhere else this time, otherwise she would have 100% wet herself. She wasn't even sure she'd make it to the toilet at this point. Her fist was dug deep into her crotch at this point, physically shaking as she waited for the invigilator to pick up her paper. She glanced desperately at the hordes of people already leaving the exam hall. There was no way she'd be able to wait in line. Her bladder, sensing defeat, allowed a drop of urine to escape into Sophie's panties. Almost on the verge of tears, Sophie silently cursed herself. She had time to pee before the exam, but had stupidly decided to spend the last few minutes cramming revision instead. 

And now all the coffee and water consumed was coming back with a vengeance, filling her bladder to the point of near-explosion. The second the invigilator had her paper, Sophie was up, clutching herself, whilst simultaneously pulling up her jeans. The urine sloshed uncomfortably as she left the hall as fast as she could, moaning as another spurt leaked out. She briefly assessed the queue for the ladies, but the sea of desperate woman dancing frantically stretched across the corridor and beyond. Sophie knew that simply wasn't an option. She'd only just shaken off the Sophie Piss-grove nickname, and she was not prepared to embarrass herself like that. For Sophie, wetting herself was now an inevitability. It was just a case of damage limitation.

As she hobbled up the stairs, Sophie's mind was on finding somewhere where she could discretely wet herself, then make an excuse to head home, change, and come back ready to party. What she hasn't banked on was a first stroke of good luck that day: on the right at the top of the stairs was a vacant toilet. That joy was very short-lived, as speeding frantically past her came Francesca Alcaraz. Not much was known about Francesca. She was incredibly beautiful, with long black hair and immaculately maintained lightly tanned skin. This plus her mysterious aura meant that many at the university fancied her. 

But the few people brave enough to try and ask her out on a date were shot down instantly, with just a long and withering stare. Very few people had heard her talk, yet she somehow seemed to get top marks in every exam. She lived a life of solitude, and was normally found in Booth K on the 3rd floor of the university library, normally dressed head to toe in black, and always looking completely unapproachable. A rumour went round in second year that she spent an entire week in that booth without drinking, eating or peeing. With that in mind, it was strangely humanising to see Francesca running past her, clearly in dire need of relief. But Sophie knew time was against her, as she felt another dribble of wee run down her leg. Francesca darted into the bathroom, too desperate to shut the door.

"PAUSE," Sophie shouted, her gaze fixated on Francesca, who had already started pulling her knickers down. Sophie rarely made use of her special power, the ability to freeze another person for one minute, but she had no other option. Rushing into the loo, she practically ripped her jeans and panties off. The second her bum made contact with the seat, her desperately, desperately, full bladder finally relaxed. The feeling was indescribable, better than any sex she'd ever had. As urine cascaded out of her exhausted peehole, she couldn't help but feel bad for Francesca, frozen in time right in front of the toilet. Very soon, she would unfreeze, and realise the toilet she was so close to was now unavailable. But Sophie's bladder had clouded her moral judgement, and she found it difficult to care about anything besides the intense feeling of utter relief.

A minute passed, and Francesca reanimated, confused and on the brink of exploding. She shrieked as her bladder gave up. A gush of urine leaked out of Francesca, before steadying to a strong stream, dampening her knickers which halfway round her ankles at this point. Still dazed by the situation, Francesca tried to hold herself, clutching her pussy through her black skirt, but she was past the point of no return. Sophie finally stopped urinating, but Francesca's stream went on and on and on, flooding the floor of the toilet. She had given up trying to stop the stream, and instead, glared intensely at Sophie, as her bladder emptied itself involuntarily. Sophie wiped herself, keen to avoid eye contact, pulled her pants and jeans up, and flushed.

"Francesca I'm so sorry, I don't know what came over me," Sophie mumbled, shame taking over the high of relief. Francesca said nothing. "I only live a short walk away, you can come and shower and borrow some of my clothes if you like?" Francesca continued to glare at Sophie, who was now washing her hands. Francesca started whispering, intensely and angrily. "I'm sorry?" Sophie asked, fed up by the interaction. Francesca's volume crescendoed gradually to a scream of unintelligible words. 

Sophie wasn't renowned for her linguistic ability but she'd never heard the language that Francesca was shouting. It was almost mesmerising, her words had a chant like quality to them. It was also deeply terrifying, and Sophie no longer wanted to invite her into her flat. "Okay never mind then... sorry," she meekly replied, sheepishly leaving a piss-drenched Francesca chanting in the bathroom. Sophie pulled her phone out, and opened up WhatsApp: "Hey, got held up soz. I'll meet you outside. Got an unbelievable story for you..."

*002*2023-05-21 12:18

"Wait, so you just left her there, covered in her own piss?" Jasmyn asked.

"Well I offered her a change of clothes, but she sort of just stood there, being intense and weird. I left as soon as she started doing some weird chanting, it was getting kind of spooky," Sophie laughed. "Anyway cheers, here's to the end of uni!" she held up her pint and cheersed Jasmyn and the other girls, Amelia and Lucy. Amelia's power was one that EVERYONE at university was incredibly jealous of; she could get rid of all alcohol from her body at will. In other words, she could get drunk to ridiculous levels, and then as soon as she wanted to be sober, she just had to click her fingers twice and it would be like she hadn't drunk anything. Lucy's power was that she could change her hair colour at will, today she'd gone for blonde hair ("blondes have more fun right?" she'd hypothesised).

The pints flowed as freely as the conversation, the girls talked about everything from the exam, to summer plans, to their love lives. Sophie crossed her legs uncomfortably as she finished the end of her third pint, she was once again desperate for a wee, but was engrossed in Lucy's story about how she'd ended up having a threesome with her ex and his new boyfriend. Thankfully for Sophie, she wasn't the only one struggling.

"Ah I'm sorry, I'm about to wee myself, anyone want to come to the loo with me?" Lucy asked.

"Oh thank fuck, I've been busting for the last twenty minutes," Amelia stood up, dancing on the spot. "Shall I get us another round on the way back?"

"Sounds good, I'll watch our stuff," Jasmyn replied. Jasmyn had of course peed half an hour ago without leaving her seat.

"Hurry uppppp, I've already nearly wet myself once today, I'm dying here," Sophie moaned.

"Shotgun first," Lucy piped up. "Don't think I'll make it otherwise."

Lucy and Amelia headed through the door, clutching themselves in desperation. Sophie followed through, praying that the toilet would be free.

###

But the door didn't lead Sophie to the bathroom. She was back home, nearly 200 miles away in Hampstead. Her eyes widened in disbelief, as she stood on her front porch, bladder still very much in need of emptying. She was about to pull her phone out to message Amelia and Lucy, when a familiar figure approached.

"Sophie?" her dad looked bewildered. "I thought you weren't coming home until next week."

Sophie winced as her dad hugged her, reminding her of her very pressing need to urinate. "Oh yeah, erm, well I thought I'd surprise you," she lied, struggling to make sense of what happened.

"But didn't you have an exam today?" he asked.

"That was yesterday dad..." Sophie knew her only option was to gaslight her dad.

"Oh," he answered, looking at his daughter like he'd never seen her in his life. "Do you want a cuppa?"

"In a minute dad, I'm dying for a wee though," she crossed her legs.

She paced upstairs, desperate to empty her bladder, and desperate to work out what the hell was going on. The toilet was empty - thank God! She started unbuttoning her jeans, and darted through the door...

###

She was now in the centre of Hampstead, at the cafe she used to work at when she was in sixth form. Her bladder burned intensely, whilst her brain was completely frazzled by what was going on. Realising her jeans were still unbuttoned, she did them back up, moaning as the tight waistband constricted her bladder again. A drop of wee escaped to remind her of her desperate situation.

"Hi, can I use your loo?" Sophie asked, trying to seem calm, despite her resolve beginning to slip.

"Toilets are for customers only," the sixteen year old girl behind the counter grumpily informed her. Hope I was never like this, Sophie thought to herself.

"It's quite urgent," Sophie pleaded, dancing on the spot and holding herself, both for emphasis and as a necessity.

"Customers only," the girl responded. "I don't want to get in trouble with my manager," she softened as she saw the pained expression on Sophie's face.

"Look, if you don't let me go, you're going to have a puddle to clean up here. Which do you think your manager would....."

"Sophieeeeeeeee!" a familiar voice interrupted her. It was Maya Abdi, the larger than life African woman who owned the cafe, and gave Sophie her first job all those years ago. "How are you my darling?"

"I'm good," Sophie lied. "Maya I'm happy to chat in a minute, but could I possibly use the toilet before I wet myself? I promise I'll buy something."

"Of course beautiful, you know where it is," Maya smiled.

Sophie mumbled a thank you, then dashed upstairs, praying that whatever was going on would stop, and that she'd be able to use the toilet. Taking a deep breath, she headed through the door...

###

...and found herself on the front porch of her sister's flat. Sophie simply couldn't wait any longer. She was pretty sure her sister would be at work, and she had resigned herself to the idea that toilets were no longer an option for whatever reason. Unbuttoning her jeans again, she dashed into the kitchen, pulled her knickers and jeans down, and hopped up onto the sink. Hoping no one would walk past the house, she relaxed, and sighed as the three pints left her body, tapping loudly against the cold metallic sink. She shuddered as her bladder continued to void itself, grabbing some kitchen roll to wipe herself. The stream died down, now Sophie could focus on figuring out what was happening to her.

"WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?!!" the shrill voice of Sophie's sister shrieked. Sophie looked up to find her sister and her new boyfriend stood in the doorway to the kitchen. Sophie quickly pulled her knickers and jeans up, turning an unnatural shade of red.

"I promise there's an explanation for this..." Sophie began, trying to think of an explanation.

*006*2023-05-27 12:27

Sophie jolted upright, head and bladder throbbing. She checked her phone: 7:28am. Classic, she thought. First chance for a lie in and my stupid bladder wakes me up. It explained her dream at least. She'd dreamt that every time she tried to use the toilet, she'd be transported somewhere else, gradually getting more and more desperate. Speaking of, Sophie was fit to burst. She reluctantly tore herself away from the warm comfort of her duvet, feeling the cool morning air on her naked body as she stood up. She debated putting some clothes on, but her bladder was in no mood to be delayed, and besides, her flatmates would probably all be asleep anyway. 

Sophie always needed a wee when she woke up, but this was next level. It almost felt as though she forgot to urinate when she came home from the pub. Which was a possibility, as she had had a substantial amount of beer by the time she decided to go home. Peeking her head out of her bedroom door, she saw the coast was clear, so she darted across the hallway, clutching herself desperately as what felt like litres of urine begged for release.

###

FUCKKKKKKKK. It all came back to Sophie instantly. It wasn't a dream at all, but a very real reality. In truth, she didn't really remember anything that clearly from yesterday, but the pieces of the story were starting to come together in her mind. She remembered pissing in her sister's sink, and then having to try and explain what was going on. She remembered having to pee in an empty Starbucks cup when her sister gave her a lift back to Leeds and they got stuck in traffic. She remembered trying to still enjoy the evening at the pub but spending most of the time so desperate for the loo she could barely talk. And she remembered wetting herself on the top floor of the 78 bus because she couldn't hold on any longer.

Sophie assessed her surroundings, her stomach twisting as she realised where she was. It was all the same as it was when she left without saying goodbye three years ago, from the tacky 'Live Laugh Love' sign in the hallway, to the ugly green carpet. She was at the house of her ex-boyfriend's parents, naked, with a bladder on the verge of exploding. She desperately clutched her peehole as a spurt leaked out, the drops softly pattering on the outdated carpet. Twisting her body in agony, she silently gasped as she heard a voice from upstairs.

"Who's down there?" her ex's gruff father called out. Sophie's heart rate spiked, as her bladder started to reach bursting point. The stair floorboards creaked, as his father began to make his way downstairs, so Sophie did the only thing she could think to do, and freeze him. With one minute before he unfroze, and potentially called the police, Sophie knew she had to act quickly, but she was beyond desperate for a wee at this point, and her bladder was causing her physical pain. Searching frantically, for a receptacle to relieve herself in, her eyes were drawn to the flowerpot by the front door. Holding on for dear life, she grabbed the flowerpot, only to find it was significantly heavier than she had first realised. As another spurt leaked out, and with time running out, Sophie had no choice but to see where the bathroom door would take her this time.

###

She was in the charity shop where she sometimes volunteered, still completely naked, and still absolutely bursting for a wee. The shop's alarm started blaring almost immediately, as no one was due to open up until 9pm. The one time Phyllis remembers to set the alarm, Sophie wryly thought. She could hold on no longer. Her bladder gave up the ghost, violently releasing its contents onto the floor of the shop, amid the deafening sound of the burglar alarm. Sophie moaned as a small waterfall left her body, with no thought about how she was going to explain the puddle on the floor to her boss. Or how she was going to explain being naked. Or how she was going to explain setting off the burglar alarm. The relief was so great she almost wanted to cry, with the stream showing no sign of stopping. 

After what felt like almost two minutes, her bladder was empty, and she could turn her mind to the situation. Keen to get out as quickly as possible, she grabbed a pair of light denim flared jeans, an oversized t shirt and some scuffed white trainers. She disabled the alarm, and went to get some cleaning stuff. Shit, she thought. All the cleaning stuff is in the bathroom. Not wishing to find herself on the doorstep of anymore of her exes, she decided to improvise, using some old jumpers to clean up the mess. Praying no one would notice the loss of some old jumpers, or the light smell of urine mixed with the cheap perfume she'd poured over it to try and hide the smell, she disposed of the jumpers, and let herself out, making sure to reset the burglar alarm, and lock up again. Hopefully no one would ever find out. Hopefully.

*007*2023-07-11 14:41

Sophie dug her hand into her crotch, as her bladder protested her decision to drive past yet another service station. Watford Gap was a place Sophie was well familiar with, as it was generally her stop of choice whenever she drove back to her dad's from Leeds. Countless times, she'd found herself practically sprinting to the toilets, desperate for relief, before stopping for a McDonalds. The journey was almost four hours with no traffic, and only once had she managed to do it without stopping for a wee. Her Satnav reckoned she had 1 hour 23 minutes to go, bad news as Sophie's need was urgent.

She'd peed before leaving of course. One outcome of recent events was that Sophie never left home without making sure her bladder was completely empty. But instead of being able to deal with her needs in the privacy of her own bathroom, an empty tennis ball tube was now her toilet, which she'd use as quickly as possible, and pray no one comes in. I'll leave what happens when she needs to do something other than a pee to your imagination... The problem was she'd had a bottle of Diet Coke since then, plus some water as the sun beat down with intensity. Add to that longer than usual traffic, and you can understand how Sophie had ended up needing a wee so badly.

Her plan was to drive to her dad's, then try and work out how to find Francesca Alcaraz. This would be easier said than done, as she was one of those people with no social media, no digital footprint. People weren't even convinced if Francesca Alcaraz was her actual name. Even Jasmyn, who prided herself on being able to find out absolutely anything about anyone, was unable to find out anything useful about Francesca. From her dad's, she could at least have a proper shower. Her university flat only had one bathroom, which meant showering was impossible. She'd washed that morning with a flannel and some soap, but she still felt fairly unclean. She longed to feel the warm water from the shower, covering her naked body.

She snapped out of that daydream as her bladder twitched again, begging to be emptied. The traffic had slowed down again, and once again, the car ground to a halt. Realising it was unlikely she'd be moving for a minute or so, she pulled her handbrake up and took the opportunity to cross her legs, taking some pressure off her exhausted organ. Now busting for the loo, she considered her options. Option 1 was pulling up onto the hard shoulder and going there. That wasn't going to work; there were already police officers there talking to the owners of a Land Rover that had presumably broken down at the side. Option 2 wasn't really possible either, she'd had her car cleaned the other day so there was no receptacle that she'd easily be able to pee into. Both empty bottles she had in the car were way too small, and she didn't trust her aim, particularly when in a cramped car. Option 3 was more of a last resort - pissing herself.

After what felt like an age, Sophie had reached Hampstead, and somehow hadn't succumbed to Option 3 yet. That being said, it was going to come right down to the wire, as an intense wave of desperation reminded her once more how critical her situation was. Her left hand was pressed firmly against her pussy, all in the name of not wetting herself. Pulling onto the drive, she gasped as a small drop of wee escaped, dampening her middle finger slightly. Her dad was waiting by the front door for her, as always. Against her bladder's wishes, she adjusted her dress, and removed her hand slowly from her peehole. Her bursting organ threatened to leak some more in protest, but she managed to suppress it. Grabbing the keys from the ignition, she threw them to her dad.

"Can you get my bags, I'm about to wet myself," she asked, not waiting for a reply.

"Lovely to see you too," he replied, but she'd already darted upstairs, clutching herself. Another spurt of urine leaked out as she opened the door to her room, ready to find whatever she could to urinate into. She'd practically started pulling her knickers down when...

"You okay love?" a builder asked, stood next to his bemused colleague.

Sophie yelped in shock, quickly readjusting her dress, and it took everything in her power not to wee herself there and then. "I'm really sorry, I didn't know anyone was in here," she mumbled, avoiding eye contact. She'd completely forgot that the builders were about to finish renovating the upstairs.

"We'll be out of your hair soon darling, don't worry..." "That's fine, no rush," Sophie had already left the room, keen to find Plan B before the inevitable happened, when she came up with a plan.

"Ahhhhh, that's much better," Sophie lied as she headed back downstairs, her bladder still very much desperately full. Her dad passed her a cup of tea. "Tell you what though, I might just go for a quick shower before I drink this, feel very hot and sticky from the car, you know?"

"Ah I'm afraid you're going to have to wait, they've done some work in the shower but we can't use it for another four hours, otherwise the glue won't set properly or something." Sophie could have cried, her plans of doing a sneaky wee in the shower scuppered. A slither of urine ran down her legs, to remind her that the situation was now at a dangerous point.

Without thinking, she whispered "pause". Her dad froze in his place, giving her one minute to try and find somewhere to pee. She dashed outside, and round the side of the house, her bladder now uncontrollably pumping out urine. She didn't bother to take her panties off, instead letting the urine explode out of her and completely soak her underwear. She managed to get her dress out of the way of most of the damage, but her legs and feet were now covered in her piss. The relief was incredible, so much so that Sophie almost forgot where she was. She managed to avoid the temptation to touch herself, but fuck it felt so good. As her stream died down, she was interrupted by a cough.

"Excuse me, are you Sophie Hisgrove?" a police officer asked.

"Erm, I am yes," Sophie replied confused.

"Could you come with us? We have some questions we need to ask you."

