For Science

Author: Noot

*000*2021-09-12 02:01

From midnight to noon, there was nothing about this particular Monday to suggest that it would be different from any other. I woke up to the sound of my alarm drilling into my skull, slipped out of bed in my birthday suit and crossed the room to empty the tank in the en suite. My breakfast was the usual bowl of cereal and my shower was the usual lukewarm disappointment. Then, having paradoxically dried off with a damp towel, I slipped into jeans and a polo shirt and made the short walk from my flat to the University library.

As always at this time on a Monday, the reading room was empty save for one other. I didn’t know much about her except her name: April. She was one of the few students I’d never seen out at a party or event, but I always found her here in the early hours of each week. If I had to guess, she was probably there most other days too. April wasn’t the type to concern herself with a social life; her expression always looked like she had something else on the brain. Bushy, golden-brown hair was tied up at the back of her head, presumably to keep it out of her eyes, which were magnified behind thick glasses. We saw each other so often that we’d exchanged hello’s before, but those two words were as long as a conversation between us normally got.

She barely acknowledged me when I came in that morning, which was fine by me. I took my seat at a desk and logged into one of the campus computers. In truth, I rarely got as much work done as I wanted to on these, but I was determined that things would be better today. It was the first day of the second half-term of my final year, and I would need to tighten things up if I wanted to pass my course with first-class honours. That meant I’d need to spend the hours before my first class recapping everything I should have been doing during the reading week. I flicked through the subjects, taking note of things that needed further attention. That was a lot; Biology was a wide and complicated world. The only saving grace was that I was a fast typer- as nonsensical as maths looked through my eyes, words came easily, and that had been the way all my life.

Time snuck up on me and soon I was rushing to get to class. My lecture hall was far too big for the forty or so students who still attended. The presentation itself was almost exactly what I had expected- I’d heard that the University of Plymouth often liked to use the first day after half-term to help students prepare for their dissertations, and that was what I got. I sat and listened patiently while my lecturer talked about length, references, things to avoid and things to achieve. She finished speaking about twenty minutes early and promptly dismissed the class. Everything I had heard made sense to me. The only problem was that I still had no idea what I was going to write about.

Forced to hope that a good idea popped into my head at some point before Christmas, I resigned myself to take a break from brainstorming and walk to one of the on-campus cafeterias. I grabbed lunch, carried my tray to the usual table and sat down on my own. Once I’d eaten, I hammered out a quick email to my lecturer.

Sandra,

I’m struggling to think of a good subject for my dissertation. What’s the best direction to go in?

Thanks,

Jake

When I looked up from my phone, someone had joined me at the table.

April was looking at me with a great deal of interest. I’d never seen her so close up before, but she didn’t seem notice anything odd about sneaking onto the bench opposite a guy she’d barely had a conversation with.

“You take Biology, right?”

For a moment I was too surprised to respond, but I soon found my voice. “Yeah. You?”

“Psychology. They almost go hand in hand, don’t you think?”

I did think. A person’s mental and physical health could often weave together in unexpected ways, as I’d learned through personal experience. Then again, they could just as often exist on two completely different levels, but I didn’t think it would be helpful to point that fact out now.

“What are you thinking of doing for your dissertation?” April’s accent was barely detectable. From the sounds of it, she came from somewhere near London- Received Pronunciation, they called it, a newsreader’s accent.

I didn’t want to tell her that I had nothing, but suddenly my brain had lost its ability to come up with a suitable lie on the spot. “I don’t know yet,” I confessed eventually, “I’m sort of waiting for a good idea”.

“Good. Me too,” April said with a nod. There was a long pause. In the silence I saw that her eyes were a pale blue, like mine. Then she spoke. “I have a proposal for you. You can say no,” she added quickly.

I frowned a little. “Go on…”

“We should team up. I’ll help you with your research, you help me with mine. We can write separate dissertations on separate topics using the same data. Make sense?”

Now I frowned even more. “It does, but that’s against the rules. You can get disqualified for cheating”.

“Only if you get caught”. She tilted her head to one side like a dog- no, a cat, I decided. A dog would have far more earnest behind those glasses.

“Why do you want to team up?”

April hesitated. “Because I can’t write. Research, numbers, that all makes sense to me. I just can’t do the writing part. And I know you can, because I’ve seen how fast you type. So, you scratch my back, I’ll scratch yours, yeah?”

I had to admit, the offer was tempting. I’d been worried about how my awful maths would hinder me, and here was someone who could solve that problem for me. Not to mention, an extra pair of eyes would only be a good thing for my work. Teaming up was technically illegal, but April had been dead to rights when she said that it only mattered if you got caught. I didn’t want to appear too eager, regardless.

“What kind of topic do you have in mind?”

April was a fast talker, but I could tell from the way she spoke now that she had already thought things through a great deal. “We need something that combines our two degrees, Biology and Psychology,” she offered up. “what aspects of the human body combine those two things most effectively?”

I knew April had probably already researched every possible answer to that question. I answered anyway. “Well,” I began, “you’d be looking at nerves, hormones, mostly… bodily functions, that kind of thing”.

Right away, April latched onto my third answer. “What was that last one?”

For some bizarre reason, I felt myself blush. “You know. Going to the toilet, stuff like that. Your organs are in charge but your brain plays a big part”.

April nodded like she’d just heard a fascinating riddle. “I think we could work with that. Are you in?”

All at once I felt less sure about the arrangement. It didn’t seem likely to me that we could get two top-quality essays out of the act of going to the toilet. Besides, it wasn’t the kind of thing I’d feel comfortable discussing with a girl I barely knew.

Before I could voice those concerns, though, April stood up from her seat and shook my hand. “Think about it. Let me know whatever you decide. Add me on Facebook”.

She left again, leaving me alone to wonder what on earth had just happened.

That evening, I got a reply from my lecturer.

Hi Jake,

Dissertations are tough to get right, but if you pick a good topic then you’re off to a great start. We mark a lot of essays, so try and pick something unique that nobody else will choose. It’s also a good idea to write about something that’s relevant to everyone, so you can demonstrate that your research has value. Good luck!

Sandra.

I read the email a few times over, taking in phrases like “something unique” and “relevant to everyone”. April’s proposal had sounded potentially awkward, but I wanted that first class degree enough to overpower my misgivings.

Knowing what I had to do, I picked up the phone and started typing her name in on Facebook.

*001*2021-09-12 03:08

The next morning I found myself sitting in one of the private study booths in the library, waiting for April to arrive. Half of me was already regretting my agreement, the other half was excited by the potential the partnership held. Our online conversation the night before had been brief and polite: I’d told her I had decided to join forces with her and she’d asked me to meet her here at 11:00AM. What she would say when she turned up was anyone’s guess. Part of me almost expected her to come in, explain she’d been having second thoughts about the whole thing and tell me to forget she’d ever asked.

Instead she arrived exactly on time, smiled at me and took a seat opposite. From her bag she extracted a MacBook. I could tell by how quickly she set it up that it was programmed to connect automatically to the library internet.

“Thanks for agreeing to work with me,” she started, “you were my first choice for a partner and I really didn’t want to have to ask anyone else”.

I had to admit, I was flattered. “First choice? Why?”

“You’re here every Monday,” she said simply, “work ethic is in short supply here, apparently”.

I couldn’t argue with that. “Did you think any more about the dissertation topic?”

April nodded. “I did, and I really think the bathroom angle is our best option”. When I didn’t respond, she said, “think about it- it’s perfect for us both. I can research the psychological side of things. There’s so many stigmas and taboos attached to the toilet in our society, and bet I could write a good paper about why. Then you can do the biological aspect. Sound good?”

That was the part I’d been dreading. I’d thought about her idea late into the night, and again in the morning, and I had to concede that she was right. I hated to think about what my parents might say when I told them that I was researching pee, but the rational part of my brain knew that April was making sense. “I think you’re right,” I said reluctantly.

April must not have been completely useless with social cues, because she picked up on my momentary pause. “You don’t sound sure”.

“I know, sorry,” I said, “I know it makes sense, it’s just… not exactly what I had in mind for my dissertation, you know?”

April cocked her head again. It seemed to be habit of hers. “And why not? It’s biological, it’s psychological, everyone does it. It’s natural. People eat and drink, and later that stuff has to come out of them somewhere. What’s up?”

That was when I realised exactly who I was talking to. April’s tone was so matter-of-fact that it almost convinced me right away. This was a person who didn’t care one bit about social norms when it came to the bathroom. I’d never come across anyone like her in my life- at least not so far as I could remember.

“Well, when you put it like that…”

She laughed. It was a surprisingly pretty sound. “So tell me how you’re going to approach this. You know, from your biologist’s point of view”.

In truth, that was something I’d already considered. “I’m gonna examine the effects of recreational drugs on the bladder. Primarily alcohol”. I’d thought the options through and come to the conclusion that this was the smartest way forward. It would be easy to measure, easy to hypothesise and easy to co-ordinate.

April nodded as if she’d just heard the most normal thing in the world. “Good, very good,” she said, “do you have a sample size?”

“No,” I admitted, “I need to use a test subject or two first to see how viable my methods are. That will probably have to be me”.

“And me,” she added, much to my surprise, “two subjects are always better than one”.

“Are you sure?” I asked, “you don’t have to. It will basically just be me getting drunk and seeing how much I need the loo”.

“Yeah, I’ll get involved,” April said, “as long as you help me with mine”.

“What’s yours?”

“I want to examine the social taboos associated with going to the bathroom,” she said, “why do some people feel too shy to admit they have to go when others take pride in it? I’m going to find out”.

While part of me was still nervous about going to these depths with April, I knew I needed her for my research, so I agreed. “I can help with that,” I said, “it might take me some time to get over the shyness part, though”.

“I’ve been thinking about that,” she said quickly. “If we’re going to be partners, I think we need to try and shed our inhibitions around each other early on”.

“How so?”

“What are you doing tomorrow morning?” April asked.

I had only one honest answer. “Nothing”.

“Come to my flat tonight. Before we start working on this together, we need to eliminate any shyness about going to the toilet. If we can’t even talk about it to each other, how will we write two dissertations?

Even talking about wee, April managed to be bizarrely logical. “Deal,” I agreed at last, “what time tonight?”

April slipped her laptop into her bag, having made surely no more than a few notes. She got up to leave. “I’ll text you,” she said, “don’t be late”.

*008*2021-09-19 02:14

It was already dark outside by the time I knocked on the door of April’s apartment. The address she’d given me had taken me by surprise; it was in an extremely cheap part of the city, in a building mostly made up of low-cost single-bedroom apartments. Maybe I had pre-judged this strange woman, but I’d expected somewhere more high-end, with a few rich flatmates thrown in the mix. In a way it was a relief to realise that it would only be April and I in the whole place. Speaking honestly would probably become much easier.

She greeted me with a smile and a hug, which knocked me off-course for a moment- it felt so unlike her, but that may have been because I’d never seen her outside of study hours before. April looked different from her usual self tonight too, though not by much; while she still wore pristine clothing, her hair had been let down and she wasn’t wearing any makeup as far as I could tell. I myself had come in simple jeans and a tee-shirt, not seeing the point of dressing up for a meeting between two platonic (and barely familiar) friends.

Right away, April lead me into the kitchen. It was surprisingly roomy for a one-person flat, with a table in the centre that had three chairs. What caught my eye the most, however, was the array of drinks on the counter. It looked as though she’d put seven or eight different types of alcohol and four or five soft drinks on the worktop, and none looked like they’d been opened. I wondered if she’d bought them all just for me.

“What would you like to drink?”, she asked pleasantly.

For a second I forgot to answer. Then I said “Oh, uh, some water would be great, thanks”.

She tilted her head- there it was again- and gave me a slightly annoyed look. “I’m not your mother, Jacob,” she said, “have some booze. That is your topic of study, isn’t it? Alcohol?”.

April had me cornered. “Fine,” I agreed, “I’ll have whatever you’re having. Dealer’s choice”. I only knew the phrase from TV, but I wasn’t about to tell this weirdly attractive 21-year-old genius that.

She didn’t take her gaze off of me as she grabbed two glasses from beside the sink. In each she poured a shot of whiskey and a can of Diet Coke, before finally breaking eye contact to retrieve a few ice cubes from what looked like a well-stocked freezer.

When both drinks were ready, she slid one over to me and sat opposite my chair with the other. I took a sip, grateful for the ice.

“So,” I said at last, “what’s the goal tonight?”

“There isn’t one,” April said simply. She took her first drink, which was bigger than mine. “We’re not here to work tonight, Jacob. I just want us to get to know each other. Our field of research is… uncommon. It’s better if we’re comfortable with the other person”.

I couldn’t disagree there. “How do you propose we do that?”

“A game,” April suggested, “you know any?”. I shook my head. “I do,” she said. “You know Never Have I Ever?”

I blinked. I’d gone over at least a dozen possible scenarios that might play out tonight in my head and none of them involved April playing drinking games with me. “Uh… yeah,” I said. I’d heard of it. I’d never played it.

“We take it in turns to say something unusual that we’ve done. If you’ve done it too, you drink”.

“Got it”.

April put her drink on the table and looked at me with those big blue eyes. Without her glasses, she looked altogether different. Not better, necessarily, not prettier or sexier or more interesting. Just different.

“I’ll start,” she announced. Still she managed to look at me with the eyes of someone analysing a science project. “Never have I ever been drunk”.

I frowned at her and sipped from my cup. “Never?” I asked, “like, not even once?”

“Nope,” she said cooly. “I’ve never wanted to drink before. I’ve never had a good reason”.

“And this is a good reason?” I asked dubiously.

April laughed again. “Yes,” she said, “for science”.

“For science,” I agreed.

“Your go”.

I thought long and hard about my first contribution before settling. “Okay… never have I ever… had sexual intercourse”.

There was a long pause. Then April drank. I wanted to ask a follow-up question, but that was hardly in the spirit of the game. So I stayed quiet. If I’d known, in all honesty, that I was the only virgin in the room, I wouldn’t have asked to begin with.

April didn’t take her eyes off of me as she sipped. “Never have I ever taken illegal drugs”.

Neither of us sipped for that one. I think she knew I wouldn’t. But now the questions were coming to me quicker. “Never have I ever failed assignment”. Again, predictably, nobody drunk.

Then April got a gleam in her eye that I didn’t like. “Never have I ever had a wet dream,” she said.

I thought this was somewhat unfair given that she was selecting something that was biologically impossible for her. “You can’t do that!” I protested.

“Why not?” she asked evenly. “Drink up”.

I drunk up, grumbling. But revenge was in reach. “Never have I ever had a period,” I said, grinning vindictively.

“Touché,” April said, drinking, though her eyes didn’t look upset at all at being caught out like that.

We kept playing for twenty minutes or so, before April abruptly put her cup back on the table. I realised to my shock that it was nearly empty. A glance at my own drink revealed the same. I’d been caught up in the conversation, not realising how quickly I was getting through the glass.

“Right, I need a wee,” she announced, “I’ll be back in a second”. She crossed the room, and only then did I realise where April’s bathroom was: right next to the kitchen, with only a door between us. She closed it behind her and a second later I heard it lock. But I found myself wishing we’d put some kind of music on.

Through the thin wooden door I could hear her flow running into the toilet water. And I realised then that I needed to go, too.

*012*2021-09-25 22:36

WARNING: This chapter contains a very very mild poop/fart reference at the very end, not intended in a sexual way at all. I'm trying to keep this one completely pee-based so that the pee-only readers can stick with it.

###

April emerged from the bathroom about a minute after she’d gone in, and gave me a little smile. “Sorry about that,” she said, “really needed it”.

“It’s fine, really,” I said, “you should be able to use your own toilet whenever you want”.

She should be; I still couldn’t bring myself to. As time ticked by, the alcohol made me more and more desperate to pee. The twinge in my bladder quickly grew into something much more serious, and soon it was a real need to go. After pouring ourselves another drink each, we talked for half an hour more, discussing politics, technology, education… everything except our topic. It felt like she was deliberately avoiding the subject. So when April bought it up directly, I was thrown.

“So, what do you think you’ll do for your research, exactly?” she asked.

I paused slightly. “Well, I said about the effects of alcohol on the bladder,” I reiterated. “I need to test people’s bladder capacity with and without booze, and see how big the effect is”. I sighed. “And you?”

“I still want to try the psychological angle,” she told me, “it’s fascinating. What makes people shy about needing to go? What helps them hold it? I can do some studies on that kind of thing”.

“I can help,” I offered, blurting it out for no good reason.

April raised an eyebrow at me. “Can you?” she asked, “not when you’re too shy to tell me you need the loo. Like right now”.

I blushed more deeply than I’d even realised I could. How could she possibly know?

April answered for me. “You haven’t been since you came here,” she said matter-of-factly, “we’ve had a drink each and you’ve crossed your legs. I think I know how the bladder works”.

Seeing no feasible way to deny it, I sighed. “Okay, you got me,” I conceded. “I do need to go, but we were mid-conversation”.

There was that head tilt again. April wasn’t having any of my explanations. “So? I said we needed to get rid of our inhibitions if this was going to be a success”.

I groaned. “Do I have to?”

“You’re not leaving until we work this out, so you can either use my bathroom or go in your pants,” she said calmly.

Seeing no other option- I did really have to go, after all- I stood and crossed the kitchen towards the bathroom. When I got there and turned to close the door, I found April in the frame, blocking the way.

“What’s up?” I asked.

“Let’s keep talking,” she decided, “we have lots of work to do”.

“Can’t I use the loo first?”

April frowned and pushed her hair away from her eyes. “Why? Just go now. I won’t look”.

Too desperate to protest, I undid my jeans and pulled them down, but barely, just to my thighs. My boxers quickly followed, and I sat down on the toilet as soon as I could.

“You pee sitting down?” she asked, inquisitive.

I felt myself blush again. “Not usually, no,” I explained, “but usually you’re not watching”.

“I’m not watching now,” April said earnestly. “I just happen to be in the room”.

It took a while for my stream to start up, but once it did, the relief was something special. I didn’t want to sigh or moan in relief in front of April, but I did have one question for her.

“How come you’re allowed to be here when I pee, but you don’t leave the door open when you do?”

April looked genuinely surprised. “Because you didn’t ask me to”.

“It didn’t occur to me to ask,” I said. “But now you mention it…”

“Fair’s fair,” April conceded, “now hurry up. I need to go too”.

“Again?”

“Not particularly, but I think we should both go at around the same time. I want to see something”.

I frowned. “What do you mean?”

“If you want to measure our bladder capacity, a good place to start is understanding our own. If we both empty our bladders at the same time, we can see what kind of capacity we have after two drinks each, then after three and four”.

I seemed to have dug my own grave. When I was done peeing, I realised I’d have to stand up to pull up my trousers again. “Can you maybe look away while I stand up?”

April tutted. “It’s a penis, Jake, I know what it looks like”.

I groaned internally- if it was anyone else I would have insisted they look away, but April wasn’t one to be argued with. So I stood up and pulled up my jeans and boxers as quickly as I could. Before I knew it, April was already pulling down her own jeans to take my place on the toilet. I didn’t have any intention of staring, but even I couldn’t help glimpsing her pale, smooth thighs. A forceful stream quickly started hissing into the water.

April glanced at her watch. “It’s… nine twenty-six. I’ll get us some more drinks and we’ll see what happens. In the meantime I’d like to go over some linguistic things, iron out some kinks”.

I would have happily got the drinks myself, but I didn’t want to leave while she was still urinating. I didn’t want her to think I was squeamish. Soon the sound of pee stopped and April farted, taking me by surprise. “I think I’ll need a poo later,” she said matter-of-factly, “oh well. What do you want to drink next?”

*014*2021-09-26 03:38

A minute later, I sat opposite April again, both of us with refreshed glasses. She’d insisted on strengthening the next round to get us tipsy faster, politely informing me that I was a ‘total pussy’ when I refused her offer of shots. I couldn’t work this girl out. She was so deeply methodical, so purely scientific, and simultaneously she seemed completely at ease drinking with me.

“So, tell me about your usual bladder capacity,” she ordered. In front of her was a notepad and pen.

“Why?” I asked stupidly.

She sighed. “Because I want to know the kinds of amounts you can usually hold, so I get a good idea of how alcohol has impacted you”.

I frowned. “I don’t know how to answer that question”.

“Never mind about that, we’ll work out the details later. For now just tell me how often you usually have to urinate”.

I wracked my brains for the right response. “I don’t know- once every six hours, maybe?”

“Jesus! Have you heard of water?” April looked shocked.

I shrugged. “I just can’t ever remember to drink it enough,” I said.

“Aren’t you a Biology student?”

“Shut up,” I teased, “what about you, then? How often should I be peeing?”

“Once every three hours, at least. That’s roughly how much I go. And how long can you hold your urine whilst sober?”

“I don’t know? At least eight hours,” I told her, “that’s how long I held it once on a flight. I was too nervous to wake up the guy next to me to get to the plane bathroom”.

“Adorable,” April said dryly, taking a note of my answer, “I can go around ten hours, if I don’t drink much. I know because I used to play a hell of a lot of Minecraft”.

Something struck me as off there. “Hang on, you just peed twice in a half-hour period. That doesn’t add up”.

“Because I’ve been drinking, dummy. And besides, I could have waited a lot longer just then if I’d wanted to”.

“Could you now?”

“Longer than you, for sure”. Before I could continue, she asked another question, still making notes.

“Tell me about your last accident”. April had a way of making questions sound more like orders.

“My last… I don’t remember having one,” I said.

Her voice was sharp as a tack. “I don’t believe you”.

My first instinct was to protest, but a glance at her stone-cold expression put an end to that. I sighed. “Fine,” I confessed, “I wet myself on the bus about a year ago”. I could feel my face going red as I admitted it.

“And why was that?” April sounded like a psychiatrist of some sort.

“I… didn’t go at school, when I should have. I thought I could hold it on the journey home. I was wrong”.

She made another note. “And was that a complete accident, or just a leak?”

I felt my face burn even more. “Complete”.

“Okay… noted”.

“Why are you noting that down?” I asked, indignant.

April looked at me plainly. “I want to know if you’re an accident-prone person, generally. Then I know if booze makes you more likely to wet yourself”.

“Then you have to tell me about your last accident,” I said, “it’s only fair”.

Without missing a beat, April looked me dead in the eyes and said “my last accident was five months ago. I was studying for last year’s exam, I promised myself I’d get to the end of the chapter before I left the room, and I ended up wetting my chair on the last page”.

That took me by surprise, too, to hear such a confident person admit to such a moment. “And was that complete, or…”

“Complete,” she confirmed, “all over the floor. My parents were not happy”.

“Okay”. I felt much better knowing that my embarrassing story was somehow less embarrassing than hers. “So you have a lot of, um, accidents?”

“More than most people,” reported April, “maybe three or four a year”.

“So you have a below-average capacity!”

“I do”. April brushed that hair out of her eyes again. “But so do you”.

I found that a little presumptuous. “Based on what?”

“Based on the fact that you looked busting for a wee after about an hour of drinking with me”.

She had me dead to rights there, but I wasn’t going to admit that. “That’s because I hadn’t been all day,” I lied.

“Sure you hadn’t”.

“I hadn’t!”

“We’ll just have to wait and see,” she said eventually, putting the pen down and shoving the notepad away from her. For all of three seconds I was relieved that the interrogation had ended. Then she looked me dead in the eye and said, “this study won’t work if we can’t be honest with each other”.

I swallowed. “Who says we’re not being honest?”

“I do. I’ve seen you in the library every Monday morning. You always arrive at the same time and you always take a bathroom break at the same time”. I couldn’t deny that. “I think you’re someone who needs a strict toilet schedule”.

How had she figured that out? “I am,” I conceded, “but I don’t see how that makes me a liar”.

“Because someone like you would never come to the house of a girl he doesn’t know without peeing first,” she assessed.

I took a deep breath, then sighed. “Fine. You got me”.

“Yay!” April took a note down on the paper. “As long as we’re on the same page”.

“Anything else you think you need to know?”

“Yes, actually,” she said, taking a sip out of the glass of white wine she’d just poured, “one more thing”.

*022*2021-10-30 22:41

This is just a short one to point out I haven't quit this story yet!

###

“From one to ten,” she said dryly, looking down at her notepad, “how inhibited would you say you feel normally about your bathroom habits?”

I thought about this for a while. “Nine,” I said eventually, “When I’m sober, I almost never admit if I have to go and I could definitely never wee with you standing right there”.

She noted that down. “And how inhibited are you right now?”

“Four?” I suggested. “I mean, I’m still feeling kind of shy but I did just take a leak with you standing right there”. I swallowed. “I’ve never been to the toilet with anyone watching before. Not someone who wasn’t related to me, at least”.

“I’ve never seen anyone I wasn’t related to go before,” April acknowledged, “I get the impression it’s normal for girls of my age to wee in front of their friends, but I don’t really have anyone like that”.

That didn’t surprise me too much. “How did I do?” I joked.

“Took a little long to get going, but that’s probably just nerves,” April said with a shrug. I should’ve known not ask a rhetorical question. She drunk more of that white wine, and already half seemed to be gone. “My hypothesis is that that number will go from four to two or maybe even one by the end of the night. The more you drink, the less shy you seem to be.

“So what do we do in the meantime?”

“We wait,” April said, “enough questions for now. Do you play Mario Kart?”

