Hannah's turn

Author: NotARealName1

*000*2021-08-28 03:20

My first attempt at a story -- hope you enjoy.

It would be fine, Hannah thought to herself as she sat in the stationary bus. Traffic was insane. This was unexpected and Hannah thought to herself that she really should have gone to the bathroom before she left the festival. What should have been a 20 minute bus ride was going to be at least twice as long.

But, it would be fine. She prided herself on being the girl with the iron bladder, after all. She wasn't like her roommates -- the girls with the tiny bladders and no shame. Her roommate Melissa was constantly having to run to the bathroom. She didn't make it a couple times. Hannah couldn't believe it the first time Melissa walked through the door of their apartment with pee soaked jeans. Who pees their pants at 20? She made fun of her for weeks, but Melissa just rolled with it.

"Not the first time it's happened and it probably won't be the last. Everyone has an accident at least once."

It wasn't the last time either. Another wet walk happened a year later and her sheets were soaked at least once after a night of drinking. Each time, Hannah would judge and make fun of her. Melissa just repeated herself. "Everyone will eventually have an accident. Even you, Hannah. You will pee your pants one day."

Hannah laughed at the thought. She hadn't had an accident since she was a little girl. She wasn't about to have another.

One day after Hannah teased Melissa about her accidents Melissa doubled down. "You go out drinking with us all the time. I guarantee that you will pee yourself before we graduate. I'm going to see you do a wet walk of shame. And, I'm going to laugh and laugh and laugh."

Hannah was thinking of this as the bus inched forward. She looked at Melissa sitting across the bus. She couldn't let it show that she needed to pee because Melissa would probably try and make her pee.

So, she sat still and looked at her phone. It will be fine, she told herself again. It was starting to get bad though. It was starting to hurt, actually.

I can hold it, she told herself.

Melissa was starting to notice that Hannah wasn't talking much. "What's going on over there, Hannah? You feeling ok?"

Hannah forced a smile and said "I'm just tired," as a huge wave hit her. The pressure on her bladder was something she had never felt before. She could feel the pee at the brink and had to shift forward to maintain control. She did, but for the first time Hannah was worried.

I can hold it, she thought, but she wasn't fully convinced.

Melissa was starting to notice what was going on. She saw Hannah shift and struggle to maintain control. She knew first hand what it looks like when you have to badly go to the bathroom. She left it alone for the time being, but she was not talking her eyes off Hannah now.

Another five minutes passes. The pressure on Hannah's bladder was growing. Hannah was struggling to stay still. She was squirming and crossing her legs. Oh my god, Hannah though. This is bad. I've never had to pee this badly."

Melissa finally spoke up. "What's up Hannah? You look uncomfortable. Do you have to pee? It looks like you really have to pee."

Hannah sat silent for a few seconds. Finally, she admitted it. "You got me. Yes, I have to go to the bathroom."

"You gonna make it," Melissa said with a laugh. "It looks like you might not make it."

"I can hold it," she said softly. Another wave hit her and this was bad. Hannah audibly gasped and leaned all the way forward, pushing her had into her crotch.

She held on. Barely.

I don't know if I can hold it, Hannah thought.

Melissa was loving it. "Hannah's going to pee," she taunted. "you're so going to pee your pants. I told you it would happen eventually."

Hannah was in full panic mode now. She stopped worrying about what Melissa though. She looked at her and said "What am I going to do? I've never had to pee this bad."

Melissa saw the panic and embarrassment in Hannah's face. She felt sorry for her. "We're almost home. Just hold on. Once we're off the bus we'll find somewhere for you to go."

She smiled at her friend and added "And if you don't make it, I'll help you hide it."

Hannah appreciated Melissa's kindness. She knew she wouldn't have been as understanding if the situation was reversed.

She stared straight forward and didn't say anything for about 30 seconds. The bus was still about 10 minutes from their stop.

Hannah couldn't look Melissa in the eyes. She quietly said the words she never thought she'd say out loud for the first time.

"I don't know if I can hold it much longer." A tear was hanging on her eye. Her face was read with embarrassment. For the first time in her adult life she truly believed that she might pee her pants.

Another wave hit. This was stronger and longer than the past. Again, she bent forward and held herself. She could feel the pee pressing on the verge of coming out. She squeezed as hard as she could. The pee was right at the edge. She shifted in her seat and for a brief moment relaxed her muscles every so slightly.

Some pee escaped. Just a squirt, but enough that she could feel the wetness on her panties. She looked down at her pants to see if it was noticable. Only the smallest spot, but enough that Hannah felt a deep shame. The tear rolled down her cheek.

Melissa saw her look at her pants and knew that the battle was nearing it's end. She went into her bag and pulled out a hoodie and handed it to Hannah.

"It's long," she said. "It will cover your bum."

Hannah took the hoodie and tried to regain composure. The pressure was constant and she could feel her muscles struggling to hold on. They were still 5 minutes away.

She was focused entirely on holding, but she could feel the pee starting to push right up to the surface. As much as she squeezed it felt impossible to stop it any longer.

"I can't hold it, Melissa. I can't hold it any more," she whimpered.

It was almost an out of body experience. She was still holding as hard as she could, but it wasn't going to stop it.

It started. A first it shot out for about two seconds. She felt the warmth on her thighs and starting to puddle around her butt. The tears were flowing to.

"I am going to pee my pants, Melissa. I'm really going to pee my pants."

Hannah looked down at herself. There was no denying it. Her entire crotch was wet. It was obvious that she had started to wet herself.

There was something about seeing her pants wet and knowing that it couldn't be hidden or denied that broke her.

The next wave hit and there was nothing she could do. It came out and it came out hard. It ran down her legs and pooled around her bum. She had completely peed her pants. She just stared straight ahead, quietly crying. Melissa just said "I got you, hon. We'll get you home and clean you up."

Others on the bus started to notice and you could hear laughter. Melissa shot the other passengers a look and told them to mind their own business.

Finally the bus got to their stop. Hannah put the hoodie on and tried to hide the damage as best as she could. She hoped that they wouldn't see anyone that they knew on the way home.

"Please don't tell anyone," she pleaded to Melissa.

Melissa smiled and said. "I won't, but I told you that everyone pees their pants eventually."

*005*2021-09-02 05:10

{{On 8/28/2021 at 11:39 AM, Manowar said:

Good written nice story. Sequel is coming or it is close single episode?

}}

Thank you. Probably not a sequel. I think Hannah is going to be humbled by the experience and will be careful moving forward. Melissa is the shameless one here -- maybe I'll write a prequel focused on Melissa soon though.

*006*2021-09-02 05:18

{{On 8/31/2021 at 3:40 AM, scinosensation said:

Very good, very realistic, very well written. What happens when they get home?

}}

Melissa is a good one, so she's going to talk Hannah off the ledge. She'll take care of the laundry and will be supportive as Hannah struggles to deal with her shame.

The next day, however, Melissa is going to start to gently tease her. Not in a truly mean way -- Melissa has been there before so she understands that accidents happen -- but she will want to give back a little for all the times Hannah made fun of her.

In a week or so Hannah will finally be able to put it in perspective. She'll admit it to other friends and they will all share stories of times that they have peed their pants too.

