Shower Game

Author: Nb-lee

*000*2022-08-25 05:35

I thought he was just being thoughtful getting me a glass of water before bed and making sure I drank it all. I forget to take care of myself sometimes so having a Daddy to keep me hydrated is nice. He even let me get some extra sleep since it was a Saturday and I didn’t wake up until my bladder forced me awake.

“Finally awake little one? Good, I’ve been waiting so we could take a shower together.”

I smile and climb out of bed to head the bathroom with him. There’s rope waiting on the counter but I’m too focused on peeing to think twice about it. He beats me to the toilet and I wince as the sound of him relieving himself makes me squeeze my legs together.

“Hurry up Daddy, I really have to go.”

Instead of moving out of my way when he finishes, he turns around with a smirk on his face. “Not right now sweetheart, I thought we could play a game instead. Give you a change to earn an orgasm today.”

It’s been over a week since my last orgasm and he’s been edging me at least once a day, so as wary as I was, I was interested. I followed his instructions to turn around so he could tie my hands behind my back. He turned me back around and gave me the rules.

“In order to earn your orgasm, I want you to show me how well-behaved you are. We’re going to get in the shower together and I’m going to wash you. If you make it to the end of the shower without wetting yourself, I’ll make you cum as many times as you want tonight. But if you misbehave and wet yourself, you’ll have to finish the shower alone on the coldest setting and not cum for at least another week.”

My eyes widened at my predicament. I was already struggling to control my bladder and with my hands behind my back I couldn’t even hold myself. The thought of having to go another week of being edged with no release was unbearable though. I agreed to his terms and he started the shower to allow the water to warm. I could see his smirk return when he saw my body start involuntarily dancing when I heard the water turn on.

Always the gentleman, he helped me safely enter the shower and guided me under the spray. I almost lost control the second my body touched the warm water but he squeezed my arm and sternly told me: “Hold it, little one.” He turned us so most of the water was hitting him to give me a slight reprieve; I could tell he didn’t want to end the game too soon. I didn’t know how much it would help though, the warm water all around me was making my bladder throb.

“Please hurry Daddy, I don’t know how long I can hold it.” I begged.

His stern expression was back. “I’ll take as long as I need to get you clean, it’s your responsibility to show me you’re going to behave.”

I swallow nervously and nod, which is apparently enough to assuage him and as he starts to wash my hair. Over the next few minutes, I try to focus on how nice it feels for him to take care of me as he conditions my hair and massages my scalp.

When he moves me fully under the water again to rinse out the products and retrieve the soap and washcloth, I’m sure that I leak for just a second. He sees the shocked look on my face and makes a tsking sound but once he confirms that it was just a leak, he continues to lather the washcloth. I cross my legs as much as I can and regain control with a fierce determination.

He starts slowly washing me, running the washcloth over my neck, my chest, my sensitive sides. If I weren’t desperate to pee, I’d be swooning from the attention. When he reaches my stomach, he pauses for a moment to feel my bulging bladder.

I can’t stop myself from begging. “Please, Daddy, please please let me pee. I have to go so bad. I can’t hold it.”

He squeezes my bladder for just a moment and then resumes his cleaning. “Hold it, little one, or you’ll regret it. I didn’t realize your control was so weak. Maybe a week without orgasm isn’t enough, it seems like you might need some more thorough training.” I shudder at the vague threat. He washes my ass and genitals as clinically as possible, it’s clear he’s not trying to arouse me, probably knowing it will make it easier for my to hold off.

“You’re almost done, I just have your legs and feet left, then I’ll let you go.”

I breathe a sigh of relief before I realize that for him to clean my legs, I’ll have to uncross them. I open my legs as little as possible to encourage him to start and he uses his leg to spread them more. I start to tremble and dance but I’m able to hold on to my bladder. He goes down on one knee to wash my legs and I’m doing everything I can to behave. I feel like I’m holding back a flood and he’s just looking up at me while slowly cleaning my ankles. But he’s almost done, I’m going to make it and I’m going to cum so many times tonight.

My confidence shatters when he picks up a foot brush with a grin on his face. My feet are very sensitive, and there’s no way I’ll be able to hold on if he uses that on my feet.

“No Daddy, please no. Please, I can’t.” I start babbling all the different depraved things I’ll let him do to me if he’ll just let me pee and not tickle my feet, but he’s a rock.

“You know the rules, little one. You can’t pee until I finish cleaning you. Hold it.” And with that, he carefully picks up my left foot and starts scrubbing. I resist the ticklish feeling for about 0.2 seconds before I’m laughing and shaking and the damn breaks. Without the ability to hold myself or cross my legs or pull from his tickling grasp, I lose all control of my body. The water at the bottom of the shower quickly turns yellow and I can smell my shame in the air. Embarrassment warms my face and I immediately start apologizing profusely.

He tsks again and shakes his head, as if he didn’t know exactly what he was doing by using that brush. He stands up and turns me around, untying the loose knot that had been holding my wrists behind my back. I continue trying to beg for forgiveness until he presses his body to my back and covers my mouth with his hand. “Such a little baby, you can’t even behave long enough for me to shower you. Little babies that can’t hold their bladders can’t be rewarded with orgasms. Maybe you can try again in a week.”

With that, he gets out of the shower and turns the faucet to cold. I shriek at the change in temperature and try to get out the spray but he’s blocking my exit.

“You just peed all over yourself. I’m not letting you out of here until you rewash your body.”

With a tiny sob, I force myself into the cold water and wash myself as quickly as possible. When I finish, he helps me out of the shower and hands me a towel. Already dry himself, he heads toward the door.

“Dry off and get ready for the day, but don’t get dressed yet. Apparently we need to edge a couple extra times every day to work on your self-control. Oh, and I’ll get you a glass of water, you gotta stay hydrated.” He winks and shuts the door behind him. I look at myself in the mirror and allow myself to wallow in self-pity for a minute.

“And make it quick or I’ll tickle your feet again between edges!” He yells through the door. I pick up my hairbrush so quickly that I knock a bottle of soap to the floor with a clatter and I can hear him cackling as he walks away. It’s going to be a long week.

