Lucy's Unfortunate Day

Author: nononono

*000*2022-06-18 15:36

Empty

Lucy's eyes rolled heavenward. Once again, her sleep had been interrupted by a bladder ready to pop. She sighed loudly as her body loudly released eight hours worth of pent up urine, her waterfall accompanied by a noisy hiss, which threatened to wake up her flatmates sleeping next door. Wiping her neatly-trimmed pussy, she checked Google Maps for traffic. All clear. University term was over, and while her obnoxious, rich, almost-certainly-Tory flatmates had been going out every night, Lucy had been working as an invigilator at a nearby school to try and get some extra money. That night, when George and Lisa woke her up for the fourth night in a row by loudly shagging at 3am, Lucy once again questioned why the university decided to pair her with six flatmates who could not be further apart in terms of personality, values and lifestyle.

Lucy liked quiet nights in, read books in her free time and worked hard to achieve the best possible grade on her English Literature course. Her flatmates liked raves, watching cartoons at a deafening volume in the middle of the night, and as far as Lucy was concerned, none of them had ever stepped foot on campus. Two more days, Lucy thought to herself. Two more days before she could move in with her two best friends from her course. Two more days until she could move out of her depressing halls in South London into a cosy flat in Camden. Two more days until she could subtly unfollow George, Lisa, Hugo, Martha, Hattie and William on Instagram, and never have to see them again.

The toilet flushed. Lucy briefly worried about waking everyone up, but then remembered the number of times she'd been woken up in the middle of the night over the past year. The worst was two months ago when some guy stoned out of his mind came into her room at 4am and tried to piss in her wardrobe, and then tried to climb into her bed. That was the end of Lucy's friendship with her flatmates as far as she was concerned. She could just about tolerate the loudness, the dirty plates constantly in the sink, the food left to rot in the fridge, the inability to wipe down the toilet bowl, but trying to pass off their mate sexually harassing her as a 'joke' was the final straw. She washed her hands, adjusting her brown curly hair in the mirror, before hopping in the shower. The sharp sensation of the icy water on her naked skin elicited a gasp from Lucy, quickly followed by a yelp as the stream turned to lava, scolding her delicate body.

She moved to the corner of the shower, checking her water with her hands every few seconds before eventually, the temperature stabilised and she could wash in peace. Closing her eyes, she mentally went through what she was going to talk about with Peter later. Peter was a boy from her course, who Lucy had fancied since they met at the uni bar on day one. After his relationship with his high school girlfriend fizzled out, Peter had finally plucked up the courage to ask Lucy out on a date. And now Lucy was nervous. Her dating history was short and fairly uneventful. She'd had a boyfriend in sixth form for about four months, and had a few drunken snogs at uni. She even went back home with self-proclaimed BNOC and ridiculously gorgeous Simon Francis after Roxy's once, but Simon passed out before they could actually do anything. Lucy often thought about what might have happened if he'd had a bit more energy.

*knock knock* Lucy's daydreaming was rudely interrupted by someone outside. Lucy was amazed someone else was up before 7:30.

"I'm in here," Lucy called out. That was the first time she'd spoken to one of her flatmates in two months.

The door opened anyway. The lack of lock on the door was another thing Lucy absolutely hated about her halls. Two more days until I can have privacy. Lucy gasped, quickly moving to cover her vagina with her left hand, and her boobs with her left arm. "Hattie, what the hell?"

"Soz babe, I was bursting," Hattie was already peeing, and to be fair, she wasn't lying about her need. After what felt like an eternity, her stream died down to a trickle, and finally stopped completely. She wiped herself, and pulled up her black knickers and pink short pyjama bottoms.

"Couldn't you have waited two minutes? I'd just rather not be walked in on while I'm showering," Lucy complained. She turned the shower off and wrapped herself in her towel.

"Relax Lou Lou," Hattie replied in the most condescending tone imaginable. Lucy internally fumed at the nickname they gave her on day one, a nickname she despised. "I was literally about to piss myself," she added as she washed her hands.

Lucy nodded, as she picked up her panties and pyjamas from the bathroom floor.

"When are you moving out?" Hattie asked, trying her best to cut through the awkward silence between the two of them.

"Thursday," Lucy replied, cutting past Hattie to go back to her room. She hoped that was the last time the two of them would speak.

"Okay, well bye then," Hattie murmured under her breath. "Bitch."

Back in the relative safety of her room, Lucy began to get ready for her day. She consciously chose her sexiest pair of underwear, some red laced panties and a matching bra. She looked at the weather app on her phone - another scorching day, so she chose a short red skirt and a black and white striped t-shirt. Applying make up to her face, she scrolled mindlessly through TikTok, before her stomach reminded her it was breakfast time. Creeping downstairs, and silently praying no one else was in there, she was relieved to find an empty kitchen. Well, empty except for the leftover pizza boxes carelessly strewn across the table, the mountain of finished and half-finished drinks cans in the corner, and baccy filters taking up counter space.

Lucy made herself a large cup of coffee, a buttered bagel (someone had used the last of her cream cheese) and filled up her water bottle for the day ahead. Her phone buzzed: TRAFFIC UPDATE - accident on M25, new route calculating. Lucy groaned, the new route was going to turn a twenty minute journey into a forty minute one. She wolfed down her bagel, ran upstairs to brush her teeth and get her bag ready. After one last double check to make sure she had everything she needed for the day, she returned to the kitchen, put her coffee in a keep cup, grabbed her water bottle and left the house, praying she'd make it to the school on time.

*002*2022-06-18 16:31

Urge

"Come on, come on," Lucy anxiously moaned at the red traffic lights. It was 8:39, and the exam started at 8:45. The school was only a few minutes away, but she knew the room she was invigilating in was a decent walk away from the car park. She was working in a separate room from the exam hall today, writing for a girl who broke her arm in her History A Level. Lucy wondered how she must be feeling, taking the biggest exam of her life so far, unable to write, sat there waiting for an invigilator she didn't know. She'd manage to let school know that she was running late at least, but she didn't want to make this poor girl wait any longer to sit her exam.

The lights turned green, and her 2002 Nissan Micra revved into action, spluttering through the gears. Darting through the streets of this small Hertfordshire town at a speed much faster than the 20 mile an hour limit, Lucy eventually pulled up at the school with two minutes to spare. Grabbing her water bottle, Lucy ran to the exam room as fast as she could, determined to make it on time. Walking through the door literally as the clock turned 8:45, the head of the History department was there to greet her, standing next to a very anxious looking student.

"Ah good timing Lucy, so the exam is two and a half hours, you're writing for Holly today. I've got to head off now, but here's my number if you need it for an emergency," the teacher passed Lucy a piece of paper, before gesturing a thumbs up towards Holly, and leaving the room. Lucy composed herself, and went to sit down next to Holly.

"Hi Holly, so sorry I'm a bit late," Lucy apologised, filling in the front of her exam paper for her.

"That's okay," Holly whispered.

"So if you just tell me everything you want me to write, I'll get it down on paper for you," she smiled, trying to reassure the nervous student.

"Thank you," Holly replied.

The first hour went by swimmingly enough. Holly seemed to be doing well, and Lucy's hand wasn't hurting too badly yet. But there was a nagging feeling of discomfort for Lucy. She had to pee. Whilst by no means desperate yet, there was certainly an urge, that was only going to get worse over the next hour and a half. Normally, Lucy would arrive fifteen minutes early, to give herself plenty of time to set up the exam room and go for a wee, but she hadn't had time with the traffic causing issues. And the coffee and water was starting to make itself known in her bladder. It didn't help that it was the hottest day of the year so far, so Lucy was drinking water constantly. Nonetheless, for now it was manageable. For now.

Half an hour later, the urge was almost enough for her to consider texting the head of History, to see if he could write with Holly for a minute so she could attend to her need. But the thought of admitting to a senior member of staff that she needed the loo was mortifying for her, so she decided against it. She crossed her legs a little as she wrote, and occasionally shifted in her seat a little. Briefly forgetting about her need, she took another sip of water, before silently cursing herself. Her urge was pretty constant now, a low level uncomfortable feeling in her bladder. Still, it wasn't as bad as her first university exam. Lucy had foolishly drank loads of energy drinks before the test, and couldn't go beforehand because the queue was too long.

For some reason, they weren't allowed to use the toilet for the first 45 minutes of an exam, so Lucy had to do the first essay of her exam with a bladder on the verge of exploding. By the time 45 minutes were up, she had to waddle as quickly as her aching stomach would allow her, desperately trying not to wet herself in front of everyone on her course. In fact, she did notice that a few drops of pee had escaped into her knickers when she finally reached the toilet. As Lucy pondered texting Mr Johnson for the 20th time that hour, Holly interrupted her train of thought.

"Sorry Miss, can I go to the toilet?" Holly shyly asked.

"Oh erm..." Lucy wasn't really sure what the protocol was with bathroom breaks. Why do you get one and I don't? she thought.

"Please Miss, it's quite urgent," Holly sheepishly added. Lucy had noticed that she was struggling to sit still, and could see Holly's need was a lot greater than her own.

"Okay, let's go then," Lucy stood up. Standing up made her bladder feel a lot more present, as she adjusted her skirt which had ridden up to a length which would probably frowned upon in a school.

Lucy waited outside the toilet, shifting from foot to foot. Being so close to potential relief had made her urge a lot worse, but she knew she just had to hold it for an hour. Holly returned, and the two headed back to the exam room, much to the annoyance of Lucy and her rapidly filling bladder.

*004*2022-06-18 17:29

Desperate

After what felt like an age, the clock turned 11:15, and the exam was done. Finally! Lucy thought, knowing that she was moments away from relief.

"Okay, that's time!" Lucy announced, closing the exam paper. She stood up and started to pack the exam stuff away, dancing around to help ease her desperate need for a wee. However she was stopped in her tracks by a quiet but unmistakable sniffling noise from behind her. Holly was sat there, head on the desk, crying her eyes out.

"Oh sweetheart, what's wrong?" Lucy asked, putting her bladder to one side as she hugged the 18 year old.

"I did so badly, I just panicked when I got in here and forgot everything I know," Holly sobbed.

"Hey that's not true! You were saying lots of good things there, I'm sure you've done better than you've expected," no response from Holly. "I always think I've done really badly whenever I finish an exam, but it's never as bad as you think."

"I just feel like I've let everyone down," Holly cried.

"You've not let anyone down Holly. I promise you it'll all be okay," Lucy tried desperately to wrap the conversation up so she could tend to her now very urgent need.

"Promise?" Holly's sniffling stopped.

"I promise. Now come on! Go and enjoy the rest of the sunshine," Lucy smiled.

"Okay," Holly stood up. Fucking finally, Lucy thought. "Thanks Miss."

"That's okay darling," Lucy shifted her body as a big wave of desperation hit her. As Holly left the room, Lucy grabbed herself briefly. "Gotta pee, gotta pee," she sang to herself, grabbing Holly's exam paper to return to the exams office.

"Hi, just got Holly's exam for you here!" Lucy tried to avoid dancing like a maniac. Being moments away from relief was making it even harder to hand it in.

"Thanks love, how did she do?" the lady in the office asked.

"Oh you know, a few tears, but I think she did okay," Lucy smiled, determined not to engage her well-meaning colleague in conversation.

"Oh bless her, she can get a bit overwhelmed by it all," she replied sympathetically.

"Hmmm," Lucy nodded. "Anyway, I'm going to head off now, just gonna pop to the loo quickly first."

"Okay love, I'll sign you out!"

Out of sight of everyone, Lucy allowed herself to break into an awkward jog to the loo. She was so close now. Wee, head home, chill, date. Not a bad rest of day. But definitely wee first. The promised land was finally in sight as she turned the corner. However she was stopped in her tracks by a startling noise. The unmistakable drone of a fire alarm. Lucy stopped in her tracks. What the fuck do I do? Her desperation kicked in, and she decided to try and quickly use the toilet. She sprinted towards the bathroom before a member of staff approached her.

"Sorry what are you doing?" he asked.

"I'll be really quick, I'm just really desperate for the loo," her face turned bright red as she admitted her need for the first time today.

"I'm sorry, but this isn't a drill, you have to leave," he responded.

Lucy's bladder throbbed, but she conceded defeat. Okay, new plan. Find toilet, head home, chill, date. She headed to the car park, thanking God that she'd already signed out so didn't need to line up with everyone else. Sitting in her car, she crossed her legs tightly, digging her fists into her crotch briefly, before preparing to drive off. As she went to put the car in gear, she received a call.

"You okay?" Lucy asked.

"Lucy can you come to Camden ASAP? It's an emergency!"

*005*2022-06-18 20:12

Partial relief

Lucy cursed herself as she took another long swig from her water bottle. Her bladder ached, begged for relief. But the sun was beating down with ferocious intensity. She was sat in a traffic jam, with the M25 predictably disastrous. The aircon whirred intensely, drowning out the faint sound of Radio 1 playing on the car stereo. It was 1pm, an hour and a half since she left the school, and Lucy was now beside herself with desperation. All her thoughts were on her bladder, and when she was going to relieve herself. Her left hand was firmly planted against her peehole, holding back a tsunami of urine determined to escape. Her right hand tapped the steering wheel anxiously.

The emergency was that the bathroom in their new flat was leaking into the flat below them. They needed someone to let the plumbers in, and her other two flatmates had an exam at that time. So here she was, risking her bladder exploding by ignoring every service station so that she could be there in time. She had half an hour, Satnav reckoned she'd be there in 25 minutes. 25 minutes from relief. Another call came in.

"Hey Lucy, where are you?" her flatmate asked.

"25 minutes away," Lucy replied, barely able to speak.

"Okay, thanks so much for doing this," Emily replied. "We've managed to turn the water off, but you can't use the toilet until the plumber has finished because it won't flush."

"Are you fucking joking? I'm literally about to piss myself," Lucy had tears running down her cheeks at this point.

"I'm sorry, hopefully they won't be too long!" Emily unhelpfully suggested.

"I'm absolutely bursting Em, I don't think I've ever had to pee this bad," Lucy sobbed.

"Worse than during the exam?" Em asked.

"Close call," Lucy allowed herself a little chuckle, before clenching everything.

"Well look, maybe you can pee in the kitchen sink if it gets really desperate," Emily laughed.

"It's gone beyond desperate," Lucy sighed. Her left hand was fully digging into her peehole.

"Listen I've got to go now, but hang in there!" Emily sympathetically said.

The news about the toilet had changed everything. She could just about have held it for half an hour, but another hour or so was not going to be possible. She frantically searched her car for anything that she could pee into. A plastic bag? No. An empty pot of gum? Too small. In the end, she found the solution. A small Costa cup on the back seat was going to be her salvation. Traffic had ground to a halt again, so she had a bit of time. Forgetting the fact everyone in the car next to her could see, she pulled her panties down, and held the cup against to her peehole.

"Fuckkkkkkk," Lucy exclaimed as her bladder started to release, and her stream of pee pattered against the paper cup. Utter bliss. For five seconds. Using all her willpower, she forced herself to stop as the cup was full to the brim, and the car behind her beeped as traffic started to move. Tipping her piss out the window, much to the disgust of the two elderly people in the car next door, she put her car back into gear and set off, bladder slightly less full, but still in desperate need of a proper release.

*009*2022-07-16 14:46

Bursting

Lucy clenched everything as another speed bump threatened to undo all the hard work her pelvic floor muscles were doing. Her urethra burned, and all her focus was on not wetting herself. As she reached the house, she moaned as the only parking space was a tight parallel park, a manoeuvre she'd never quite managed to master. Particularly whilst trying to hold back the Niagara Falls. She tried once with just the right hand on the steering wheel, and her left hand tightly dug into her crotch, jamming her peehole shut. But she conceded she'd need both hands for the job. Lucy gasped, the sudden absence of pressure made her feel as though her bladder had jumped off a plane. It took all her resolve not to wet herself, in fact she was pretty sure that a few drops escaped. Thankfully, she managed to park on her third attempt, locked her car and went to let a surly looking plumber into her house.

"Nice parking love," he sneered sarcastically.

Normally Lucy would have called out such a misogynistic comment, but with her bladder on the verge of exploding, she didn't feel it was the right time to get in a debate. Besides, the quicker the job was done, the quicker she could urinate. She turned her keys in the door, an action accompanied by the now all too familiar sensation of her bladder falling. Lucy was in no doubt this time. A spurt had leaked out, as she felt it trickle out of her urethra and slowly run down her leg. Every step on the stairs was torture, her urine filled bladder now feeling like a balloon that could pop with a slightest of disturbances. She unlocked the door to No. 4 - thankfully not leaking this time - and showed the plumber towards the bathroom. The sight of the toilet, which she now hadn't used for over six hours, was almost enough to send her over the edge.

"You're not very chatty, are you?" Lucy hadn't even realised the plumber had been speaking this whole time.

"Sorry, just a bit frazzled," Lucy lied, unwilling to reveal to a stranger that she was about to wet herself.

"I'll take a cup of tea please. Two sugars and a tiny bit of milk," the plumber asked, slightly transfixed by the beautiful woman struggling to stand still in front of him.

"But the water's isn't working," Lucy pointed out.

"That's why I'm handing you this isn't it? I thought you students were meant to be bright," the plumber scoffed, handing her a bottle of water.

Lucy again ignored his sexism, focusing only on keeping her urine in. A task which was rapidly getting more difficult. She winced as she poured the water into the kettle, and wondered whether he'd notice if she served him a tea made with her piss. Tempting, but she didn't want to have to explain to the landlord why their plumber won't come anymore. Her crotch was damp, she couldn't tell if it was pee or sweat. Probably a bit of both. Now in the privacy of her kitchen, she allowed herself to cross her legs tightly again. The kettle pinged, Lucy pressed her left hand tightly into her crotch as she poured the boiled water into the only mug that had been unpacked so far. Another slug of wee escaped, dampening the fabric of the crotch of her panties, and slightly soaking her hand. It was reaching critical point.

Handing the tea to the plumber, and desperately trying to block out the toilet from view, she realised that she was running out of time. "Hey, erm you don't need me to stay here do you? I've got some business I need to take care of."

"You mean you're desperate for a piss? You're not very good at hiding it gorgeous." Lucy blushed, cringed and leaked all at the same time. "Go ahead, I can see myself out."

"Thank you, thank you, thank you," Lucy could have kissed the plumber, were he not so repulsive. She grabbed her bag and headed out the door. She didn't know the area super well but she was pretty sure there was a cafe a few streets down that would have a toilet. If she could make it until then.

*010*2022-07-16 15:30

Leaking

Lucy cried in agony. She was stuck, someone had double locked the front door and she didn't have a key for that door yet. She'd tried to bang on her own door to see if the plumber could let her back in. At least then she could find a mug and discretely go and piss in another room. But he'd turned his music right up and couldn't hear. Lucy half wondered if he had heard and just enjoyed the idea of her being absolutely bursting for a wee with nowhere to go. She'd knocked on every single door in the complex, to no avail. She was beyond bursting now, all she could think about was easing the pain in her bladder, absolutely full to the brim. The leaks were regular now, her sexy panties, chosen specially for her date now almost certainly stunk of piss. Speaking of which, her phone rang. It was Peter.

"H-hello?" Lucy's voice quivered as she tried to compose herself.

"Hey Luce, so I've slightly fucked up and I can't do drinks later," Peter apologised.

After the day Lucy had had, she didn't mind too much, she just wanted to pee, go home and cry. "Oh, that's okay we can do another day."

"No no, I've been waiting for this so long Luce, I really want to see you today! I heard you're in Camden now, so why don't I swing by and we can get some drinks?" The mention of the word 'drinks' led to another trickle escaping her urethra.

"T-that sounds great. What time are you thinking?" she asked.

"Are you free now?" Another leak.

"W-well I'm sort of locked in the apartment complex, so I'm waiting for someone who lives here to arrive so I can get out," Lucy was almost crying.

"You okay Luce?" he asked gently.

"Yeah, yeah I'm fine," she lied. "Just getting a bit cabin fevery. I'll text you when I get out, maybe meet you by the station?"

"Sounds good. Okay, goodbye Luce. Can't wait to see you!"

As soon as the phone hung up, Lucy yelled in frustration. Then she saw it. Staring at her in the face this whole time. Her potential salvation. A vase on the window sill that could surely just about accommodate the volume of pee remaining in her bladder. But could she? The choice was made easier as the longest spurt of wee escaped, slightly darkening her red skirt. Hitching her skirt up, she looked around one final time, checking that no one was witnessing her hitting rock bottom. Placing the vase over her crotch, she pulled her panties to one side. And... nothing.

After freely leaking urine for about an hour, her bladder had now decided to go all shy. Lucy was now crying with the pain, but her bladder still refused to yield. As she finally relaxed enough to let out a spurt of piss into the vase, she had to stop immediately as she heard a key slowly turn in the lock. Lucy froze. A woman of about 60 entered, face to face with a young woman sat on the stairs with her skirt hitched up, panties clearly visible and a holding a vase.

"What on earth are you doing?" the lady yelled.

"I'm just heading out actually," Lucy tried to get past with the vase, but the lady stopped her. A long spurt of wee ran down her leg, and into her shoes. The lady picked up the vase, and smelt the inside, after hearing the liquid swishing about. In horror, she shrieked, dropping the vase, and the small amount of urine all over the carpeted floor.

"You vile girl, I'm calling the police," the lady shouted again.

"No please, I live here, I just got locked outside my flat, and I couldn't get out, and I'm absolutely BURSTING for the toilet," Lucy was hyperventilating at this point, and was dancing around, physically incapable of standing still. She tried to compose herself, opting to contort herself into the best position to keep her pee in. "I don't suppose I could use your loo?"

"GET OUT!" she yelled, and Lucy ran out crying, knowing that she had just minutes before it would be too late.

*011*2022-07-16 16:03

Relief

She simply had to find somewhere to urinate. This was like no pain she had ever known. Every step was agony. Every thought was on how badly she needed to toilet. She could barely see, such was her desperation. All she saw was obstacles. Like the alleyway by her flat, manned by a security camera and a sign saying reminding that public urination is a crime. She'd pee in her car at this point and deal with the consequences later, but the street was particularly busy today. She'd just have to walk into the first place she saw. Her eyes lit up as she saw a cafe, only to find they didn't open on Wednesday's.

Then there was the dry cleaners, who wouldn't let customers use their toilet, not even a customer who was quite clearly on the verge of exploding. The corner shop said the same thing, and the hairdresser's toilet was out of order. Lucy was practically wetting herself now, leaking roughly every 30 seconds or so. But the leaking never made the urge go, if anything it made it much much worse. As she turned round after being told unhelpfully that there was a toilet half a mile away, the thing she didn't want to happen more than anything else happened.

"Hey."

Lucy could barely get the words out. "Hi Peter."

Peter hugged her, and it took every single ounce of strength in her body to not wet herself as he accidentally pressed on her bladder. Lucy gasped loudly, and doubled over grabbing herself.

"Hey what's up?" Peter asked, but looking at Lucy, it was pretty obvious what she needed. "Oh shit, erm, there's a public toilet not far from here, let's go!"

"I can't make it Peter, I've been holding it for so long," Lucy cried.

"Come on," Peter grabbed her by the hand, and Lucy followed, her skirt darkening some more. Lucy could barely walk at this stage, it felt as though her body was made entirely of pee. After what felt like an age, but was probably only a minute, they reached an alleyway.

"I'll keep watch, you do what you have to do," Peter gestured towards the darkened alleyway, this time with no security camera.

"Thank you," Lucy whispered, as she ran as fast as she could to the end of the alleyway.

No problems with letting go this time. She hadn't even pulled her panties to one side before a jet of urine exploded out of her peehole. She was too exhausted to care.

"Wait, police police!" Peter yelled.

With all her might, Lucy turned the tap off. She writhed in pain, she'd had a taste of ecstasy and she needed the rest.

"What's happening here miss?" the police officer asked.

"Nothing, just walking about," Lucy danced on the spot. She'd managed to put a cork in it, but she was too full. Her bladder simply couldn't hold out any longer. The tap turned back on, and she didn't have the power to stop this time. She stood there, eyes closed, partly from embarrassment and partly from shear relief, as she flooded her panties. Her skirt was now a completely different shade of red from before, as was her face. A rivulet of urine ran down each of her pressed together legs, sometimes meeting in the middle, before flowing into each of her shoes. The officer moved away as the puddle started to creep towards him.

"Sorry for disturbing you," he muttered, before pretending to get another call on his walkie talkie.

Despite the embarrassment, Lucy was on the verge of orgasm, such was the relief. She'd never had sex before, but if it was anything like as good as this, then she couldn't wait. Her hands moved to touch herself, before she remembered where she was. Peter refused to watch, despite the stream showing no signs of stopping. Lucy had never felt relief like this, she'd never even come close to being that desperate to pee. Her body felt faint, almost as if her urination was using every bit of energy she had left. After a ridiculous amount of time, the stream died down, and she was left there, legs sticky with piss, panties and skirt absolutely soaked, next to a boy who probably didn't want to go on a date after what he just saw. Lucy broke down crying, so Peter went over to comfort her, soothing her by wrapping his gentle arms round her, seemingly not caring about getting covered in second hand pee.

*012*2022-07-16 16:38

Aftermath

"Wait, so you pissed yourself on your first date??" Emily's jaw dropped to the floor.

"Pretty much," Lucy laughed.

"And he's going on a second date with you?" their other flatmate Izzie asked, equally bewildered.

It was two days after the event, and Lucy had finally plucked up the courage to share the story of her and Peter's first date. They were sat on the floor of their not yet furnished apartment, eating takeaway pizza amid a sea of boxes. At least their toilet worked now.

Lucy smiled. "Looks like it!"

"But how? I mean where do you go from there?" Emily asked.

"Well, Peter took me back to his to clean up, and... we had a really nice time," Lucy blushed.

"LUCY!" the girls chorused.

"Well we couldn't go out anywhere, cos I still had to pee every two minutes. So we were just sat on his bed, and things just sort of... happened," Lucy divulged.

"WHY DID YOU NOT TELL US IMMEDIATELY!" Izzie shouted. "I can't believe you lost your virginity on your first date!"

"I guess when you literally wee yourself seconds in to your first date, normal rules don't apply," Lucy laughed.

"Jesus Christ Luce," Emily was shocked. "Any other bombshells you want to divulge?"

"Well... you know the vase that was in the hallway?"

###

Lucy anxiously tapped the windows on the bus. It was 11:30pm, the girls had gone to bed early, but Peter wanted to see her. She crossed her legs. Tightly. For obscured by her dungarees was a rock hard bladder, ready to explode for the second time in three days. One more stop. Since weeing before dinner, she'd drunk a few glasses of water, plus several glasses of wine, and she was bursting. Just the way he liked her. "Nearly here. About to wet myself!" Lucy messaged Peter.

Lucy hopped from side to side as she rang his doorbell, desperately trying to hold it. The door opened, Peter smiled.

"Have you been holding it like I asked?" Peter looked her up and down.

Lucy shyly nodded, giggling. "Please could I use your toilet? I'm really bursting."

"Soon, I've got something else I want to do with you first," Peter replied, leading her towards the bedroom.

