Diapergirl

Author: Noot

*000*2020-08-27 00:16

So this is my craziest idea yet. Maybe my worst. But I think there's gold in these hills, if we can pull it off.

I've spent a huge part of the last month writing commissions, all fanfics, mostly centred around superhero-based properties: The Justice League, The Avengers, The X-Men, those kinds of iconic characters. I wanted to write something inspired by the Superhero genre. And the idea that I kept coming back to, that won't leave me alone, is one of an Omorashi shared universe. Separate stories about different characters, maybe even written by different authors, could cross over and coexist in the same world. Here's part one of the first story!

Is it a terrible idea? Let's find out.

PS: I'd love for this to be a collaborative thing, so if any writers want to be a part of it please feel free to DM me.

###

Rush-hour at Manchester Piccadilly was a bad hour to be in a rush. As soon as the 17:46 pulled into the station, every passenger on the packed train rose as one from their seats and flocked to the doors. They swarmed onto the platform, moving like zombies in a singular direction, all just wanting to get home and forget about the last nine hours.

A girl emerged from the depths of the crowd, weaving through slow-moving foot traffic until she escaped towards the front of the pack. She was paced far too quickly to call walking, not fast enough to be running- but just barely, as if she was restraining herself from breaking into a sprint. Her hair was short, curled and jet black. Olive skin still wore the final smatterings of acne, left untouched by foundation or concealer. Sharp, restless eyes darted from person to person, as if to calculate the least turbulent route through the pillars of flesh with whom she shared the platform. A denim jacket covered most of a tight pink shirt. Slung over one shoulder was a pink rucksack which bounced against her back with each step. It jiggled in synchronicity with the untamed locks on her head. The girl was a skinny thing- barely more than five feet tall, perhaps five-two- and ducking between the lines of pedestrians was second nature to her.

She shot straight towards the ticket gates, spotted an open set of doors and slipped through while the attendant argued with a red-headed man carrying a bicycle. On the other side, the girl stopped dead. Waited, just for half a second. And darted forwards again, through a gap in the perpendicular flow of unaware adults and onto the escalator that carried thousands of tired legs a day down to the ground floor. No time to stop and let the mechanism do all the work- she rushed down, across a stretch of floor and onto the second escalator. Seconds later, she spilled out onto Fairfield Street. By the time she'd crossed the road with a hasty glance for oncoming traffic and ducked onto Wyre, most of the passengers she had shared a train with were still digging their tickets out of an array of wallets, pockets and purses.

Turning right at the intersection of Wyre and Travis Street, the girl at last began to slow down. Anyone who spotted her as they drove past down London Road would have seen a young woman walking perfectly normally, if a little hastily. They would simply have assumed that she had somewhere she needed to be, and that assumption was accurate. But someone watching from a closer viewpoint might have seen the concern on her face, picked up on the heaviness in her breathing. They might have noticed how her flat chest heaved up and down as she waited for the traffic lights to change. She slid a dented white iPhone out of the pocket of her black jeans, checked the time and put it away again. A hole in the traffic materialised and she seized her chance, nipping over the road in seconds and beginning the trek up Grosvenor Street- the final stretch.

Now, her movement began to accelerate once more. A nervous glance over her shoulder confirmed that the road was empty. The girl was walking, now jogging, now running, almost flat-out charging towards her salvation. For a moment it looked as though she would keep running towards the Union and then, at the last second, she turned through a broken gate, down one of the garden paths and up to the door of a modest semi-detached. One slender hand dipped into the pocket of the denim jacket, fumbled... and came away empty. She swore out loud. Her legs were pressed together, knees bouncing the minutest amount. Her other hand went for the other pocket and came away with a single silver key on a bare keyring. The girl jammed it into the lock, twisted, shoved the red-painted oak open and entered.

What came next was nothing short of a well-rehearsed routine, something that had undeniably been done several dozen times before. The door slammed shut behind her, barely missing a crumpled doormat that threatened to block the latch. At the same instant, she tossed the key onto a narrow shelf to her right and kicked off each thick grey trainer, left foot first, one after the other. The pink rucksack was dropped beside her shoes in the hallway. Three feet from the door stood a carpeted staircase. She cleared it in five steps, taking them two or three at a time, not bothering to stay quiet- knowing there was nobody in to hear. The girl raced across the landing and into a narrow bathroom, the only one in the house. The toilet seat was already down, the lid already up- thank God for small blessings. Equally, the button of her jeans had been unhooked in advance, although she wasn't sure exactly when she'd done that. It was another automatic part of her well-oiled machine.

As her tolerance waned dangerously, the girl hooked each thumb between her underwear and her hip. In one swift motion, she turned, slid down her jeans and knickers together and sat down hard. No sooner had her flesh hit the seat than the flow began in earnest, echoing loudly around the bowl. The girl closed those restless green eyes, rested her elbows on her knees and sighed, a long, relieved exhalation. For a long while all that she could hear was the hiss of her stream hitting the water, sounding more and more like a steel bottle being filled from an old tap.

After thirty seconds or so the stream started to die off, to taper away into an irregular dribble. Only then did she force herself to inspect the damage. She leant forward and took the middle of her panties in one hand. The first touch told her that they were wet. Running a thumb over the cotton surface, she assessed that the leak had been moderate; the crotch of the underwear had taken a hit but it hadn't soaked through to her jeans. For the most part, she had gotten away with it. Not perfect, but a hell of a lot better than many, many times before. Barely a year ago, even making it to the end of the street would have been considered a huge victory for her. Was her capacity growing or was she growing more determined?

Still seated, the girl pulled her jeans and underwear off and balanced them on her lap. Her phone, almost out of charge once again, was balanced on the edge of the sink. She wiped herself twice, folding up two pieces of toilet paper each time, and flushed before she got up. Bottomless, she walked to the washbasket on the landing and dumped her slightly soiled underwear inside. The jeans went back in her closet for another day. When she'd folded them half-heartedly and stored them, she closed the door and caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror on the front of the cabinet. Half-naked, skinny, flat, blemished. Usually she hated looking at her reflection. Right now, though, in the relief-scented afterglow of her rush home, she could manage a wry smile.

Well, Zahra, the girl thought, you made it home this time. I'd call that a win.

*003*2020-08-29 01:48

Zahra woke up, as she often did, busting for a wee. In her vast experience, it was far more surprising for her to wake up not needing to go- unless, of course, she'd wet the bed again... but that hadn't happened in a few months, and she was keeping her wishful fingers crossed that it was behind her. For a bladder like hers, going eight hours without the toilet while awake was an impossible task. Managing it through the night was usually doable... just. If she got too full while she slept her body would generally wake her. On those nights she had mastered the art of slipping out of bed, stumbling through the stale darkness and emptying herself on the loo without ever fully opening her eyes. Most of the time, though, Zahra woke up when her alarm demanded and did so with a bladder fit to burst.

That life-changing morning fell into the latter category. Her abdomen bore a fierce sort of ache, a get-to-the-toilet-right-now sort of ache, but one she knew well. It was an ache that meant there was no time to waste. She swung her legs off the single bed and stood, feeling the pee inside of her rush downwards as she did. That was the worst part of waking up desperate: the standing. It always made her feel like gravity wanted her to simply pee where she stood. A quick, reassuring squeeze through her laceless black undies (the comfy kind she wouldn't be seen dead in by anyone but her mother) bought her some time.

Aside from the panties, the only other thing she had on was an oversized Disneyland tee-shirt she'd bought from Paris a few years ago that was only ever used for sleeping in. This didn't bother her. In the relative heat of mid-June Manchester, that getup was perfect for keeping her warm in bed. Come August, though, she'd be sleeping naked, as she did for the warmest nights of every year. Her family were plenty used to her roaming the house in the nude by now, so they certainly weren't going to look twice at what she was wearing that morning.

But there was no family to see her on the landing. Her mother would have already left for work and her little brother, judging by the sounds coming from the bathroom, was taking a shower. He was the opposite of Zahra: fifteen years old, popular, handsome and intensely private. Unlike the women of the household, he never left the bathroom door unlocked, whether he was showering, shaving or using the toilet. As such Zahra didn't even bother trying the handle. She rapped on the door twice with her knuckles and called to him. In her urgency, she was far from gentle.

"Cas, hurry up, I really need a wee," she said loudly. It was strange, she knew. Zahra was incredibly shy about her bathroom needs when talking to anyone else in the world. Even her closest friends, back when she'd had them, had never heard her so much as admit that she needed to go. But with Caspar she really didn't care. In fact, he'd told her on plenty of occasions that he wouldn't mind her being a little bit less open with him on that front.

"Sorry, Zee," he called back. She could hear the water running over his smooth shoulders and onto the bath in sheets. "I just got in, give me two minutes".

Zahra groaned in frustration and squeezed her crotch again for comfort. She didn't have two minutes. It was already too desperate to consider waiting that long. Caspar was more than aware of how tiny her bladder was- he'd seen her have countless accidents- but rarely made an effort to speed up for her. Once, she'd asked him if he'd really rather she wet herself than saw him in the shower. He'd said yes.

There was only one thing for it, and Zahra didn't see the point in putting it off any longer. When a person is as accident-prone as she was, they tend to formulate a few back-up plans. Hers was effective; it had never let her down. She turned, retreated to her room and closed the door. By this point Zahra was engaged in a full-on potty dance, constantly shifting her weight from foot to foot, hips swaying. Within seconds, her panties and t-shirt were off. She shoved them right up against the base of the door to give her a few seconds of warning if someone tried to enter. What she was about to do was not something that needed an audience.

Fully naked, Zahra grabbed the only two things on her bedside table: a roll of toilet paper and an empty glass. The glass was always empty because she knew she would wet the bed if she drunk water before going to sleep. The roll of toilet paper was always full because, even though she told her mother it was there for nosebleeds, her nose had not bled since long before the London Olympics. Vashti Kamari was a sharp woman, but she either had not or did not want to put two and two together to figure out the real reason for those two objects being everpresent by her daughter's bed. Zahra backed up against her bedroom door, leaning with all her weight against it, making the thing further difficult to open. This was another well-practiced routine. She wasn't proud of it. But needs must.

Hastily, methodically, she stripped off six sheets of toilet paper. Next, she pressed them down to the very bottom of the tall glass. At this stage it was a race against time. She could feel the pressure starting to win, feel the first trickles of pee pushing out of her urethra. She inspected the glass closely. It had to be perfect. There could be no question that someone might hear her. Satisfied, and not able to wait a second longer anyway, Zahra went to move the glass into position.

A single droplet of warm morning pee escaped and hit the carpet between her bare feet.

Then she got the glass where it needed to be and let the torrent flow. It gushed out of her, generating an incredible feeling of pleasurable relief. She closed her eyes and moaned softly, careful to keep her voice down as the urgent need was abated. Zahra could feel the glass growing warmer in her hand, could sense the heat of her urine through the material. Once the initial, near-orgasmic release had passed, she looked down at her handiwork. The stream was still shooting steadily out of her like a water feature. She was peeing for half a minute, the glass filling rapidly but just about big enough to hold her full capacity. This was just as well- once Zahra started a wee, it was very tough for her to stop.

But when the final few trickles were out, she used a steady hand to place the warm cup back on her bedside table and picked off a few more sheets of TP to wipe with. The wee was a rich golden colour: if someone walked in right now, she might be able to convince them it was apple juice. That is, if they didn't smell the air too much. She left the paper she'd wiped herself with next to the glass to be emptied later, once Caspar was back in his room. The difference in her thinking now that she was empty was incredible. It was like she weighed fifty pounds fewer.

Steadying herself, Zahra lifted her mattress from the side with both hands. Now she'd been for a wee she could think straight: her A-level maths exam was in under two hours. The only one she cared about, the only one she actually needed to do well in to get into university. Today was not a good day to have an accident. With that in mind, Zahra was going to have to take drastic measures. Under her bed sat nothing but a small, unmarked cardboard box. Resting the bottom of her mattress atop her head, she looked down shakily and opened it. Inside were eight soft, white parcels.

Nappies.

Diapers. The sight of them made her feel a tiny bit ill. She'd bought the nappies in secret over a year ago- twelve of them in all. Since then, Zahra had dug one out every time a day came when she knew she couldn't take any risks with her dodgy bladder. Deep down, she knew today was one of those days.

Still totally naked, Zahra sighed, picked out a nappy close to the top of the pile and started to put it on.

