The Monkey Paw

Author: nononono

*000*2021-12-02 23:33

I - Almeria, Spain

Elsie McCormack sighed, finishing the last sip of the cold pint of Estrella that she had been nursing for the best part of an hour. She checked herself in the camera on her phone, adjusting her long ginger hair, scrunching her face to check for leftover tomato sauce. It was early September, and Elsie found herself sat in the Spanish sunshine, day-drinking with her best friend in the whole world, Poppy Douglas.

"Are you going to see him again?" Poppy asked after a lull in the conversation, her eyes twinkling behind her dark brown fringe.

"I don't know Pops, he was cute and everything, but boring as fuck, and..."

"And he had a tiny dick," Poppy interrupted.

"And he had a tiny dick," Elsie confirmed, laughing. "Besides... he's the first guy I've slept with since Gavin, I don't want to rush into anything."

"Fair play Els, fair play. Have you heard from that prick?" Poppy asked.

"I don't want to talk about it," Elsie's tone became instantly serious.

"Okay okay I'm sorry, hey you ready to go?" Poppy backtracked.

"Yeah one sec, just gonna go for a wazz," Elsie replied.

Elsie made her way inside the restaurant, and instead of attempting to remember the Spanish for toilet, wandered around until she found one. The restaurant seemed to only have one loo, and Elsie was glad it wasn't occupied, as she'd not relieved herself since breakfast. Walking through the door, she was hit with the worst smell she'd ever encountered, trying her best not to gag.

"Bloody Jesus," Elsie gasped in a thick Scottish accent.

The sight of the toilet was even worse. What the fuck did the last guy eat? Elsie wondered. She debated how desperate she was, and decided she could hold it.

"Better?" Poppy asked.

"Didn't go. Some fucker clogged the toilet with shit and thought I was going to vom everywhere," Elsie replied. "I'll find a toilet at the market."

###

Elsie grimaced as Poppy took another loud sip of her smoothie, as the search for a public toilet went on.

"Do Spanish people not fucking piss?" Elsie asked, digging her hands into her yellow sundress, now desperate for the loo.

"Just hold on babe, not long now," Poppy promised.

"I hope so, I'm about to wet my knickers," Elsie could barely walk properly at this point.

"Look, there's some toilets there!" Poppy pointed towards a portaloo.

"Ugh look at that queue though," Elsie moaned. It looked as though there were 30-40 people also queuing.

"It's fine, I'm sure it'll move quickly," Poppy reassured her.

Five minutes passed, and the line had barely moved. Elsie was practically crying with how much she needed to wee.

"Excuse me, please could I skip in front of you?" Elsie asked the woman in front of her.

"Que?" the confused lady asked.

"Oh erm, necesito el bano, ahora!" Elsie tried her best to remember her GCSE Spanish, digging her hands into her crotch both to emphasise her point, and because she was genuinely worried some wee had leaked out. The woman in front of her just tutted, and turned away.

"Urgh it's no use, I can't hold it any more," Elsie darted out of the line. "I'm going to burst."

"Okay, why don't you go behind the fence there?" Poppy asked.

Elsie was already running, as she felt some urine trickle down her legs. Her bladder ached with how full it was, and she was just seconds away from a full blown accident. As soon as she was behind the fence, she had to regain all composure as there was a man stood there.

"Hola," the man said, holding a severed monkey paw.

"Hola," Elsie replied, literally dancing on the spot as some more hot piss escaped her body.

"You want to make a wish?" the man replied, waving the monkey paw in her face.

Elsie had vaguely heard the myth about The Monkey Paw before. That you could make three wishes, but each wish would come with an enormous price for interfering with fate. Elsie didn't believe any of that stuff of course, she just wanted this man to leave her so she could tend to her exploding bladder.

"No, I want to make a piss," Elsie curtly replied.

"Go on, just one wish, and I go," the man insisted, waving the paw in her face.

"Ugh fine, I wish that I wasn't about to wet myself because some strange man won't leave me alone," Elsie yelled, hoping he wouldn't notice the wet patch that had surely formed by now.

"As you wish," the man grinned. And with that, him and the paw were gone.

"Finally," Elsie muttered, as pulled her black panties down. However despite feeling like she was on the verge of peeing, nothing came out. She stood there for four minutes trying to go, but not a drop would leave her body. It was agony, she was absolutely bursting to go, with nothing happening.

"Come on Els, you can't still be peeing," Poppy came over.

Elsie was as white as a sheet. "Poppy, I think I've been cursed."

Poppy burst out laughing "Ahhhh you're going to make me piss myself now!"

"I'm deadly serious. Some guy with one of those monkey paw things told me to make a wish, so I wished I wouldn't piss myself and now I can't piss," Elsie cried.

"Come on, it's probably just a UTI, let's get you some drugs," Poppy helpfully offered.

"Look at my bladder Pops, I look like I'm fucking pregnant," Elsie was getting seriously stressed.

"Do you still need to piss?" Poppy asked.

"Like I've never needed to before," Elsie replied.

"Okay, let's get to a hospital because you don't look great at all, but first... sorry Els but I'm desperate..."

*004*2021-12-20 15:59

First victim - Maria Johnson

"Come on Maria, we need to go," her grandmother shouted.

"One sec, I'm just going to go for a wee," Maria replied.

Maria pulled her jean shorts and panties down and sighed as she relieved herself. She scrolled through her phone to check her flight time for the sixth time in the last hour. Travelling alone always made her anxious, and she wanted to make sure everything was going to run smoothly. After finishing her business, she headed downstairs to say her goodbyes.

"Goodbye grandad, thank you so much for having me!" Maria gave her grandad a kiss on the cheek.

"Goodbye love, come back soon!" he replied.

"I will, don't you worry," she answered.

"Oh and don't you worry about that monkey paw business, the guy's a psychopath!" he laughed.

"Oh believe me, I've met much weirder people at uni," she chuckled.

She waved goodbye again, before heading into the car to the airport with grandma.

"What was that monkey paw comment about?" her grandma asked as they drove away from house.

"Oh that? This strange man at the market tried to get me to make a wish on this monkey paw thing, and he said he'd curse me if I didn't make one. I've never seen grandad so angry, he really went off on one at him," Maria laughed.

"Good on him. It's all a load of bollocks anyway," her grandma rolled her eyes.

"What is it anyway?" Maria asked.

"Basically the idea is that you can make three wishes on a monkey paw, but they all come with a twist. So I could wish for a 100 pounds, but instead of getting 100 pounds in money, I'd put on 100 pounds in weight. It's meant to be a cautionary tale sort of thing," her grandma explained.

"Oh yeah, I think I saw a Simpsons episode about that," Maria replied.

"Ah yes, a good source of all knowledge," her grandma laughed. "What would you have wished for?"

"Oh I don't know, maybe a boyfriend who replies to my texts," Maria laughed.

"Yeah but then you'd end up with a boyfriend who never left you alone, see there's no winning with a monkey paw," her grandma's tone became oddly serious for a moment.

"I guess so," Maria sighed.

###

Maria anxiously looked at her watch. It was so frustrating, she could see the airport, but traffic ahead was really bad. She had about twenty minutes until check-in, and Satnav was saying they wouldn't be there for another fifteen.

"Ugh come onnnnnn," Maria shouted in frustration.

"It'll be okay, it looks like it's starting to ease up," her grandma replied.

Maria stared moodily out of the window, annoyed to be going back to a rainy and cold England, and back to her English degree which she wasn't enjoying, and her boyfriend who didn't pay attention to her. Her melancholy was broken by a sudden pang.

"Ow," she exclaimed loudly, suddenly feeling a large amount of pressure in her abdomen.

"You alright?" her grandma asked.

"Yeah I'm fine, just had a tummy cramp," she replied. But the truth was she wasn't fine. All of a sudden, her empty bladder felt like it was about to rupture. Maria had barely drunk anything all day - she didn't like using toilets on planes so she'd tried her best to avoid needing it, and yet now she was on the verge of wetting herself. This is something she'd never experienced before. She'd gone from a 1 to a 9 1/2 on the desperation scale in literally seconds. She crossed her legs tightly and prayed that she'd be able to hold on a little longer.

"Do you need a pee or something?" her grandma asked, as she observed Maria squirming frantically in her seat.

"No no, I'm fine, just trying to get comfortable," Maria lied. She'd always been very shy about admitting her bodily needs, and today was no different. She was 19, she should be able to hold her own urine. Yet it was getting harder and harder...

After what felt like a lifetime, they were at the airport, and Maria had never been so relieved to say goodbye to her grandma in her life.

"It's been so lovely to have you," her grandma said for the sixtieth time.

"See you soon grandma, love you," Maria tried her best to get away, and relieve her poor aching bladder.

"I love you too honey, safe flight," grandma blew her a kiss and waved her off.

Maria felt like a bowling ball was pressing on her abdomen, as she tried to wheel her suitcase along the ground as quickly as possible. The traffic meant that she'd have to go straight to check in, or risk missing her plane. At this point Maria almost thought it'd be worth paying for another flight just so she could avoid an accident. But she knew she wouldn't be able to afford that, and couldn't face an angry conversation with her dad about money. Now standing in the line, Maria gasped as she felt a spurt of pee leak into her panties. She crossed her legs again, and bounced desperately on the spot. She could see people looking at her, but she really didn't care at this point. She just wanted to get to the toilets she could see in the corner of her eye. As she finally got to the front of the line, she handed her documents over, one hand remaining firmly dug into her crotch, and hoped everything would be okay.

"Okay, could you put your suitcase on please?" the man at check-in asked.

All Maria could do was nod. She yelped as another jet of urine leaked out whilst she lifted the case. She could now see a small 20p sized wet spot on her shorts.

"I'm afraid, you're a few kilograms over, you're going to have to remove some stuff," the check-in man politely asked.

Maria groaned, and clenched everything as she placed her suitcase back on the floor. She was practically wetting herself at this point, feeling her panties grow increasingly damp as she knelt down to take some clothes out of her case. She picked up a random selection of clothes and stuffed them in her backpack, before dumping her suitcase back on the conveyer, and running to the toilets as quick as her exploding bladder would let her. The wet patch had grown to the size of a tennis ball, and her urethra felt like it was on fire. As she reached the ladies, she saw something that made her heart sink. Cerrado por limpieza, the sign read, which Maria assumed meant closed for cleaning. Frozen by panic, she stood there, hunched over, fists digging into her crotch, wee running down her leg as her resolve was starting to slip.

She had no choice, she stormed into the men's toilets, in tears at this point. Every single stall was taken, as were all the urinals. Standing in the middle of a room full of strangers, Maria's bladder finally gave way. She covered her face as every drop left her bladder, emptying onto the floor of the men's toilets at Almeria airport. Some men gawped at her, whilst the kinder ones quickly washed their hands and left to avoid causing her any further embarrassment. As a stall became available, Maria darted inside, still wetting herself, but so at least she wasn't being watched anymore. She sat on the toilet fully clothed, whilst her pee dramatically splashed into the bowl of the toilet. Eventually, her bladder was drained, but her shorts were now soaking wet, and she was scared by what had just happened. After about five minutes, she left the stall, covering her face from the cleaner mopping up her puddle of pee, and headed to catch her flight - and hopefully buy some new shorts.

*005*2022-01-05 16:50

II - Torrecárdenas University Hospital, Spain

"Elsie Douglas?" the nurse asked in a thick Spanish accent.

"Thank fuck for that," Elsie muttered, as she dragged herself and her distended bladder into the next room. The good news for Elsie was the pain hadn't got any worse since the market. The bad news was that the pain was almost unbearable, and she could barely speak because of how badly she had to wee. It was no good, she'd spent an hour before deciding to go to the hospital chugging cranberry juice and sitting on the toilet with the tap running.

"What is the problem?" the doctor in the next room asked, smiling sympathetically at Elsie's obvious pain.

"I can't fucking piss," Elsie cried. The doctor shot Poppy a confused look.

"She hasn't been able to urinate for the past two hours," Poppy explained, slower and whilst consciously changing her thick Scottish accent to a more neutral one.

"Okay, we'll do an ultrasound and see what we can do," the doctor responded.

The cold gel the doctor applied to her stomach would have been enough to make her piss herself there and then, were she able to. But instead, Elsie made an uncomfortable moaning sound.

"Wow," the doctor looked genuinely shocked looking at the ultrasound image. "I've never seen a bladder this full in my life! What happens when you try to go?"

"Nothing comes out," Elsie replied. "Not a single drop."

"And how does it feel?" the doctor asked.

"Like my bladder is literally on fire," Elsie cried, starting to panic, as she felt a searing pain across her bladder.

Suddenly, Elsie felt the pressure start to go. She hadn't pissed herself since Poppy's New Years party four years ago, but she was undoubtedly feeling the same sensation. The relief combined with the embarrassment. And yet she didn't feel any wetness. She looked at her crotch, and there was no sign of anything. Whilst Elsie subtly put her hand down her trousers, and sure enough, no pee was actually coming out of her body. The doctor put her hand on on Elsie's stomach, and gasped.

"I've never seen anything like this. Your bladder is draining itself, but no pee," the doctor looked genuinely stunned.

After about three minutes, Elsie finally felt like her bladder had fully emptied. "Well that's a relief!" she sighed.

*007*2022-01-20 12:43

Second victim - Catherine Jones

The leader of the Labour party thanked her driver as he pulled up to the House of Commons. Miles away from her sunny holiday in Spain, cut short by another Tory scandal, Catherine shivered in the unusually cold September air, adjusting her grey skirt as she exited the car. Her advisor was on hand to greet her, and update her on the fast moving news, as a lot had changed since her flight.

"Hi Catherine, nice holiday?" her advisor asked.

"Was nice until the PM cocked up again, missing prime sunbathing time for this," Catherine dryly lamented.

"I'm sorry, but the polls are looking great at least. They were too scared to send anyone to TV interviews this morning, so that could be a good angle to attack them on. Also there's quite a few Tory MPs who are ready to defect," her advisor informed her.

"Self serving fuckers," Catherine muttered.

"The PM is expected to deny it all and claim the video was doctored. We also think he's going to try and discredit your work, and claim that you're too young and inexperienced to be a credible leader," her advisor told her as they walked towards the chamber.

"I'm 35 for fuck sake. I'd have been a better Prime Minister that him at 19 anyway," Catherine sighed.

"This should be fairly straightforward. He called a whole city a bunch of lazy plebs for God sake. Everyone's seen the video, he's finished," her advisor reassured her.

"Let's hope so. Now if you don't mind, I've been bursting for a pee since takeoff," Catherine bounced around on the spot before dashing into the ladies room.

Catherine sighed as her bladder released its pent up liquid into the toilet bowl. She had a long standing fear of using the toilets on a plane, making any international travel pretty uncomfortable for her. It was even worse when she was Foreign Secretary, the number of times she'd landed in a country having practically wet herself was ridiculous. There was one infamous occasion where she'd wet herself after the queue for the toilets at Abu Dhabi airport was too long, and she'd had to pretend she'd spilt water on herself when the paparazzi got a picture of her. Wiping herself, she flushed, and went to sort her make up in the mirror. Her long brown hair and warm smile, as well as her relative youth had made her a favourite among the British voters. As she applied her lipstick, the leader of the Lib Dems darted into the bathroom.

"Oh hi Jess," Catherine called out, before she could reach a stall.

"Oh hi Cath, how are you?" Jess replied politely, fidgeting in her space.

"Ready to takedown this government, how about you?"

"Oh yeah, same hopefully," Jess desperately hoped that Catherine would leave her alone at this point.

"Hey listen, I know we haven't really had a chance to talk about it but maybe we could discuss an election strategy soon? Would be great to finally boot these tories out eh?"

"Definitely, but maybe now isn't the best time, given I'm about to wet myself," Jess decided she had no choice but to be explicit.

"Of course, go go!" Catherine laughed. "See you at PMQs!"

The only response Catherine got was a loud moan from her competitor and friend.

###

"So Prime Minister," Catherine began calmly as the chamber hushed in a rare moment of expectant silence. "When are you going to resign?"

The chamber erupted into a chorus of boos and applause, as the Prime Minister shifted uncomfortably in his seat.

"Mr Speaker, our Prime Minister has led us into the worst financial crisis for decades, he's given tax breaks to support his rich friends, while the hard working British public struggle to put food on the table. And now he has the audacity to call the entire population of Manchester 'a bunch of lazy plebs'. Pretty rich coming from someone who can't even be bothered to make sure his microphone is turned off," Catherine lapped up the applause from behind her as she was in the zone.

The cartoonish Prime Minister stood up "Mr Speaker, I think you'll find that unemployment is down, wages are going up, and it's going to take a lot more than a fake voice recording to bring this government down. I'd invite the honourable lady to not be so gullible in future, as to believe such a blatant lie to discredit all the hard work we've been doing. Need I remind her that whilst she was drinking in Spain, we were doing hard work in parliament to make life even better for the British people."

Catherine scoffed at this suggestion. "Clutching at straws," the Shadow Secretary of State sat next to her whispered.

"Mr Speaker, I'd like to remind the Prime Minister that..."

Catherine was forced to compose herself mid sentence as she felt a twinge in her bladder. Within a split second, her bladder had gone from completely empty to nearly bursting. The shock of the sensation was almost enough to make the Leader of the Labour party wet herself there and then.

"erm... that there is no truth to his statements, and that he should.... read some of the stories about him in the paper if he doesn't believe his own words about what he said." Catherine weakly replied.

Murmurs spread across the room as Catherine crossed her legs, her crotch feeling uncomfortably damp.

"Mr Speaker, I think perhaps the right honourable lady may be still drunk from last night, as I couldn't really make sense of her comments," the Prime Minister laughed. If there's someone more coherent that wants to ask me a question, please feel free."

"Order, order!" the speaker shouted as jeers grew louder and louder. Catherine writhed uncomfortably in her seat as jets of wee spurted out into her knickers. Bravely, she stood up again.

"Apologies, what I meant was..." Catherine gasped as the longest spurt yet started to run down her legs. Instinctively, she grabbed her crotch and bent over slightly, all in the name of not completely embarassing herself.

"Oh dear. Mr Speaker, it appears that not for the first time, we may need a potty for Miss Jones," the Prime Minister chuckled, as Catherine's bladder started to give way completely.

Catherine managed to leave the chamber, but not before all the cameras had picked up a glimpse of her skirt covered in her own urine. Once out of sight, she gave up the fight and let her bladder release itself in her knickers. As her bladder deflated, she sobbed bitterly, knowing that people were going to talk about this for years. After what felt like an age, her bladder was finally empty.

"You okay?" her advisor appeared, avoiding eye contact with his boss who was stood in front of him in a completely damp skirt.

"I don't know what happened Ted. I didn't even have to go and then I was bursting," she cried.

"We'll get you to the hospital, see what's going on," Ted promised.

