Shopping Mall Holding Contest

Author: Nineteen

*000*2017-05-02 03:32

I wrote a story again, guys. Sorry. I was asked to do one about The Last of Us by quintex96, and so I played through the DLC, had a great time doing it, wrote the story, and posted it right here. I really hope you like it, and if you do I'll leave links to my other stories down below so you can have a look. Anyways, have at it.

...

Ellie had never entertained the notion that her older, wiser companion might come to harm before she did. He was constantly protecting her, but if Joel was anything, he was competent- so much so that it seemed he could take care of himself and Ellie easily. Which, of course, he had had no trouble with up until their last encounter with bandits. While Joel had been scuffling with one of them, they had broken a railing and fallen down to the level below. The bandit had died on impact, while Joel had been a little luckier. Only a little. He had been impaled by a piece of debris and was in bad shape. That’s how he and Ellie had wound up here.

When Joel had collapsed, Ellie had lead their horse, Callus, into the nearest structure- a long-abandoned shopping mall. Full of infected, it had been a deathtrap… but also her only option. Naturally, Joel was her first priority, but a close second was her growing need for a toilet. She had been too distracted with leading her injured friend past the remaining bandits to notice it at first, but now that they were out of harm’s way (for the most part), she could feel her bladder filling up. Her nerves weren’t helping much, either.

As soon as she had closed the shutters of the store they had holed up in and locked them, she bent slightly at the knees, trying to find a position that would relieve the pressure in her bladder. Much to her annoyance, the pain in her abdomen seemed to be beyond relief. She huffed irritably and began to head on her way. As much as she would have liked to stop and empty her bladder there, the mall was full of infected and she could be attacked at any moment. No, her bladder would have to wait. Maybe once she had patched Joel up, she could find somewhere safe to pee.

She only had to take another few steps before a solution revealed itself. Huh, Ellie thought happily. This might be easier than I thought. Walking slowly over to the pharmacy- for slow movement was all she could manage without putting unnecessary strain on her bladder- she smiled happily at her luck. The mall, however, did bring back some unpleasant memories. She did her best to shake them off, but as she wandered around the empty pharmacy looking for something- anything- that could help her keep Joel alive, the memories came back little by little.

…

Ellie huffed quietly. Riley had woken her up too early, and she didn’t know if she was ready to forgive her just yet. After all, they’d parted on some pretty awful terms. I guess that doesn't matter now, Ellie thought as she followed Riley to her mystery destination, I already agreed to come. No reason to turn back now. They continued to walk for several minutes, occasionally dodging patrols and armed trucks, before they reached their destination- the same mall that they had gone to several times already. Ellie was none too impressed, but maybe Riley had something special planned. She decided she’d go along with it.

It only took a few minutes of walking through the mall to find what Riley was after. Winston, an old soldier that the girls had both known, had recently died of a heart attack, and Riley seemed eager to go through his possessions. Ellie was… less thrilled, to say the least, but this may factor into Riley’s surprise, so she went along with it.

Stepping through the flap of his tent, which was located in the middle of the mall, Ellie could see the makings of a fairly decent life. She walked over to the nightstand and began to look at a picture of a younger Winston along with a few other people. “Winston looks so much younger in this picture,” Ellie commented. Riley didn’t respond.

When Ellie turned to look at her, Riley grinned. In each of her hands was a huge bottle of some sort of alcohol. Ellie couldn’t make out the labels as Riley danced around happily. “Jackpot!” She exclaimed. Ellie was confused for a moment, until she realized what the alcohol was for. A smile began to emerge on her face as well.

…

Ellie shook her head. Now was no time to be reminiscing about the past. This was important and she needed to focus on the present. She continued to search around the pharmacy, but she couldn’t find anything. She wiggled her hips back and forth as her bladder reminded her of her situation. She needed to find something to patch Joel up, and if she could do it before she wet herself, that would be ideal. She rolled her eyes as she considered the absurdity of that statement. If it really got that bad, she could just squat somewhere. It isn’t as though anyone was around. She squirmed again as her bladder complained once more.

She had been searching around here for too long. She gave the room one last look before turning to leave. It was only when she started for the door that she noticed a back room she hadn’t checked yet. She perked up and, when she looked through the window, she nearly jumped for joy (her bladder kept her grounded, though). There was a huge first-aid kit on the other side of the door. There has to be something I can use to fix Joel up in there!

She only hesitated for a moment before twisting the knob... except the knob didn't twist. Locked! Damn it, Ellie thought. How am I supposed to get in there? She scowled, then turned back to the pharmacy. After a few minutes of searching around the shop and finding nothing, her occasional fidget had turned into a nearly constant wiggle in her hips. Although she didn't want to admit it, she was starting to get desperate. She ground her teeth together and spun in a slow circle, then groaned. There has to be a key somewhere... her expression turned from one of annoyance to one of worry as she thought of how much blood Joel had been losing when she left.

Finally, her temper got the better of her and drew her foot back, kicking a nearby bottle with all her might. The effort made her bladder go into overdrive for a moment, and she had to grab herself to keep from leaking. She groaned again, standing up as straight as she could, then walking slowly over to where the bottle had come to a stop. The counter. Why hadn't she thought to check the counter before? She slapped herself in the forehead before walking slowly around the table.

Sure enough, there it was. A piece of paper, seemingly glowing among all the rubble in the room. She bent slowly to pick it up, but her bladder still felt the effort. She moaned softly as she grabbed herself to complete the maneuver. She stood back up much quicker, the strain of bending over causing even more stress on her ever-filling bladder. The rapid motion, however, startled her bladder as well, and she lost control for a moment. She gasped as she felt a few tiny drips of pee leak into her panties. She needed to find a way to patch Joel up, and soon.

...

Ellie's first drink of the vodka had been the cause of much laughter in her friend. The flavor had been completely unbearable and she had spit it out almost instantly. Riley was still giggling as they set out to find something to cut it with. The mall was a good place to find lots of things, but, surprisingly, non-alcoholic beverages weren't one of them. Ellie was beginning to despair when they finally find something that fit the bill.

"Aha!" Riley said as she produced an enormous bottle of some kind of soda. The label said that it was lemon-lime, but Ellie had a difficult time figuring out the rest of it; the bottle was almost completely wrapper free.

"Will this do it?" Ellie asked hesitantly. "I mean... that stuff is pretty gross."

"This'll work," Riley responded confidently. "Or, at least, I'm pretty sure it will." Riley found a flat surface they could use nearby and began to carefully mix the two drinks in cups they had found during the search. "Let's hope this was worth the hastle," Riley said quietly as she mixed the drinks.

"It will be!" Ellie responded, looking at the drinks intently. "I know it will be!" She had wanted to do this for a long time, and Riley seemd like the perfect person to do it with. Nobody would judge her less than Riley.

"Alright," Riley said, handing one of the glasses. "Here goes nothing." The two girls looked directly at each other as Riley counted down, then downed their drinks. The taste was still rather disgusting, but Ellie could stomach it now... even more so, since she was so excited to do this. "Okay," Riley spoke up, her expression making it clear that she thought the drink was still disgusting. "The next round of drinks will come in about ten minutes. Until then... well, you know what to do." The two girls smiled at each other. The holding contest Ellie had always wanted was about to begin.

...

Ellie had let herself be distracted again. She frowned at the damp feeling in her panties and again as she thought about the time she had spent away from Joel. The paper had said something about a doctor in the next room over, and, sure enough, here he was, right in front of her. He was not, however, a living doctor, and, as a result, the only way he could benefit her was the key in one of his pockets. She said a quiet prayer as she bent over (grabbing herself tightly to avoid another leak), hoping desperately that he wouldn't attack her.

It only took a few seconds to find the key, but to Ellie it seemed like an eternity. With the ocean of pee pushing harder and harder against her bladder and the threat of the doctor attacking her constantly present, her heart began to hammer in her chest. She squeezed herself harder, but her bladder seemed to be actively fighting her. She ground her teeth together and shifted on the spot, driving her heel into her bladder, but, despite her best efforts, a small spurt of pee shot out of her, wetting her panties further. Ellie gasped, then moaned as the warm wetness caused another squirt, then another. When she finally got it under control, she could see a wet spot on her pants.

She swallowed hard, and then felt the doctor's pockets more carefully, this time finding the key. She reached carefully in and pulled it out, before backing away slowly. She was nearly out of the corpse's reach when it moved suddenly, it's arm reaching to grab her. She sucked her breath in and fell backwards, before realizing that it was only the removal of the key that had caused the corpse to move... and that she had released a huge squirt of pee into her panties and pants. She cursed quietly and stood back up.

The wet spot was very noticeable now. Ellie contemplated pulling her pants down and peeing right there, but decided against it. She had wasted enough time here, and Joel needed her. She steeled her body for the walk back to the pharmacy, before waddling stiff-legged to the back room where the medkit was. She gave herself a squeeze before jamming the key into the lock and turning it. The door swung open with a creak and Ellie walked as quickly as she dared to the first-aid kit in the center of the room. She bent over, ignoring her bladder's protests, and swung open the lid. To her horror, she discovered the kit... completely empty.

...

The holding contest had been going for quite a while. Ellie hardly expected it to last this long. With the amount of liquid they had taken in (Riley had been secretly adding more and more soda and removing more and more vodka) and the alcohol to expediate the process, three rounds of drinks had come and gone, and Ellie was at her limit.

She was bent over the counter, one leg crossed in front of the other and her bladder begging her for release. She could hardly contain herself. She was at her bursting point. Riley looked nearly as bad. Legs pressed together with both her hands jammed into her crotch and only her leaning on the counter keeping her from falling over. Both girls were at their limits, but the next round of drinks was coming up. Ellie downed hers reluctantly, hardly noticing the taste of the alcohol as the sickly sweet flat soda filled her mouth.

Her bladder screamed for release, but she was determined to beat Riley. She knew that she could only hold it for so long, but "so long" needed to be longer than her friend. She didn't know why, but she needed to win this. Almost as much as she needed to pee.

"Oooooooh Godddd..." Ellie whimpered under her breath. Riley looked at her with faux sympathy.

"What's wrong?" She asked, a tone of amusement creeping into her voice. "Does Ellie need a peeeeeeeee-eeek!" Riley's teasing was interrupted by a huge wave of desperation, and Ellie watched in amazement as she bent at the knees, dropping low, eyes closed tight, jaw clenched. Is she going to wet herself? Ellie was strangely excited; not only that she would finally get to pee, but that she would get to see Riley wet herself. This feeling was somewhat new to her, but she decided that what she was feeling was the least of her worries right now. She just needed to hold on a little bit longer.

Ellie's moment of triumph was suddenly interrupted, however, as Riley's quiet whining disappeared and she stood up. A wet spot was visible on her pants, but it could hardly be called a full accident. Ellie wasn't out of the woods yet.

...

Ellie couldn't believe she was doing this. She had seen a crashed medical helicopter from the back room of the pharmacy, and now she was standing just beneath it. She wasn't even sure that there would be a first-aid kit in there, let alone that it would have everything she needed, and, if she climbed in, she would be risking her life; that helicopter could fall at any moment. Her thoughts were interrupted as a huge wave of desperation washed over her. Bending over, squeezing herself and jamming her legs together still couldn't prevent a large squirt and she knew she didn't have much time left.

She walked slowly toward the helicopter, her hands still jammed into her crotch- any attempt to remove them now could result in a mess- and prepared herself to climb. She would only need to jump and then pull herself up, but even that could result in a huge spray at best and a full wetting at worst. It doesn't matter, she reminded herself. I need this to save Joel. I'm not in the quarantine zone anymore. Nobody's around to care if I wet myself.

She braced herself for a moment, and then jumped, grabbing the lowest point of the open door of the helicopter. Sure enough, a huge spurt sprayed down her pant leg, but she kept going. Heaving herself up caused another jet of pee to escape her, but it was fine. She was in the helicopter. To her amazement, there was a kit of medical supplies not two feet in front of her. She moved to it on her hands and knees, ignoring the slow dribble that continued to escape her. Throwing open the lid, she found it full of bandages and sutures and everything she could need to have the best chance of saving Joel. She sat back, hugging the med-kit to her chest with one arm and using the other to stem the flow of urine escaping from her. "I'm never letting you go."

...

Ellie's control was slipping. After her last round of drinks, her bladder had begun to give out. Now, after only a few moments, she was losing total control of her bladder. No matter what she tried- grabbing herself, bending over, hopping up and down, crossing her legs, wiggling her butt- nothing helped. She looked at Riley helplessly, but Riley's own struggle seemed to have stopped completely, and now her grin grew in proportion to Ellie's own wet spot. Ellie moaned quietly and fell to her knees.

...

Ellie's eyes opened suddenly as the helicopter jolted forward. "Oh, no," she mumbled, grabbing onto a nearby seat and trying to stand up. Another jolt knocked her back to the ground, some pee escaping from her and spreading across her bottom. Oh God, Ellie thought. This could be bad. All she could do now was try to get herself out before the helicopter hit the ground and keep her pants dry.

...

She could hardly control herself at all, now. Riley was most definitely enjoying the display, but Ellie had closed her eyes and covered her face with her hands. She had lost the holding contest, she knew, so the most she could do was was try to keep from being embarrassed to the best of her abilities. The holding contest had been her idea, and she still managed to lose. Her face burned bright red even as a wet spot darkened her pants.

...

Another jolt of the helicopter brought Ellie back to the present. Her heart was racing. If this helicopter falls all the way to the ground, the infected will have an easy time getting at me. The thought terrified her. All the more reason to get out of it now. She tried to stand up again, but another jolt knocked her to the ground. This time, her bladder did more than just squirt. Even as she struggled to regain her feet, her bladder gave out more and more. She sat down and grabbed onto the nearest stationary object, trying her best to pretend like she wasn't completely wetting herself.

...

Ellie was totally soaked now. Riley had already gone off to relieve herself somewhere that wasn't her pants, so now all Ellie could do was clean up to the best of her ability. She stood, her face red and her blush only increasing as she felt even more warm pee drip down her legs. She had lost the holding competition, lost her dignity, and, more importantly, lost her favorite pair of pants. She closed her eyes and did her best to enjoy the wet feeling as much as she could.

...

Ellie opened her eyes. The helicopter hadn't budged at all for the entire time that she had spent emptying her bladder. She blushed and stood up. Looking out, she could see that the wreckage hadn't fallen more than ten feet. She hopped nimbly out, doing her best to ignore the chill she felt as the cold air hit her warm, wet pants. She still had the first-aid kit and she could still save Joel. She just needed to get back to him first. She hoped it wasn't too late.

...

If you're reading this, you made it all the way through my story. Thank you! If you enjoyed it, feel free to let me know, and, if you didn't, also tell me (like, I'm sure you all know the rule about "if you don't have anything nice to say..." but I really would like to know what I'm doing wrong). As promised, I'll leave the links to other stories down below and thanks again for reading.

This one is Dishonored 2!

This one is the sequel!

This one is Uncharted 2!

And this one is my very own real life experience!

*004*2017-05-02 19:33

{{15 hours ago, Bellatrix1 said:

This was so good I loved how it kept going to the holding contest with Riley to the present =)

}}

Thank you! I've been wanting to write a dual timeline type deal for quite a while, so I'm glad you think it turned out well!

{{12 hours ago, DespMely said:

Very well written!

Thanks:)

}}

Thank you! I appreciate the support!

{{10 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

Jepp, great story!

}}

I'm glad you thought so!

*006*2017-05-02 23:17

{{19 minutes ago, quintex96 said:

Excellent story, loved the dual timeline.

}}

Thanks!

