HoloMess ~Haachama Cooking~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2025-06-27 08:46

Sorry this took so long! I hope it was worth the wait! Although I normally hold the poll for which generation is next on my Pixiv post, feel free to tell me which gens you wanna see next! Also, let me know what your favorite HoloMess story has been so far! I'm curious as to what you all think.

Aki Rosenthal tip-tapped through the doorway to her colleague’s apartment, multiple bags of groceries in tow.

“Ah, you got all the hotpot ingredients?” Akai Haato asked as her genmate entered.

“Of course I got all the ingredients… After all, we had to cancel last week after someone forgot to.” Aki clapped back. “Besides, this makes it so that you don’t need to make any… substitutions…” The twin tail blonde’s expression fell, remembering the ‘episodes’ that resulted of Haato’s, or rather Haachama’s cooking. The Gen 1 anniversary party only months before was devastating, once white walls dyed brown, and five girls’ stomachs thoroughly emptied.

“What?! But that was the most excited party we’ve had in years!” Haachama retorted.

“’Exciting’ isn’t the word I’d use there… Mmmph…,” Akirose groaned at the end of her statement, rubbing her stomach, causing her friend to tilt her head to the side.

“Hmm? What’s wrong Aki?”

“It’s nothing, just been constipated these past few days. I probably will have to take some leftovers today. Actually, would it be any trouble if I used your bathroom? I doubt anything will happen, but I should be trying to get it out.” The constipated woman took deep breaths in and out as she continued massaging her stomach.

“Of course! You get comfortable and leave the cooking to me!” Haato said with extremely misplaced confidence. Aki winced in fear at the idea of leaving her alone betrayed her hundreds of years of life experience, but considering the uneasy pain in her stomach, that was a sacrifice she was willing to make. After all, what’s the worst she could do if she only uses the ingredients in the grocery bags.

“Alriiiight, just let me know if you need any help,” Aki said as she headed to the bathroom, watching the younger blonde hit her chest twice with a grin as the turned away.

“Hhnnngggg!” Aki strained with all her might on her throne, tossing all grace and elegance to the wind as she tried to force her sphincter open and achieve release. Regardless of how hard she pushed or grunted, it seemed like no progress was being made. “God, how much longer until it’s over? I feel so heavy…”

Meanwhile in the kitchen, Haachama was hard at work making the soup for the hotpot. However, her friend’s struggles were audible to her, and she couldn’t help but sympathize as she hadn’t been able to poop for a few days now herself. “Hmm, what can I do?” Haato wondered, scouring her kitchen until a bottle with two-tones of green caught her eye. “Ah that’s it! This will clear our poopers in no time!” Haato said with her typical lack of grace and elegance. With reckless abandonment, she poured the entirety of the bottle into the formerly well-cooked soup.

“I must say, I’m really impressed Haato-chan!” Aki delightfully ate crab, leeks and other delicacies out of her bowl.

“Thanks! I only added the ingredients you mentioned in the recipe, so I think you deserve a lot a the credit as well!” Haato and Aki giggled as they continued enjoying their seafood hotpot, one party completely unaware of the events in the coming minutes. In the meanwhile, all was well. The girls gossiped about other members and their activities as well as reminisced on their past get-togethers.

“Still, I can’t believe the other girls all messed themselves on camera… And Mel even seemed to enjoy it…,” Aki pondered aloud.

“Well, maybe it could be fun! Just reaaaallllly gross! Fun and gross!” Haachama laughed maniacally.

“What?! No way! I’d be busy finding ways to erase myself from existence,” she remarked through a chuckle of her own. This chuckle was cut short, however, by a sudden pang in her gut and a desperate urge to annihilate a toilet. “Oh god, oh no, bathroom!” Aki started to get up to sprint for the bathroom before being tackled to the ground by an eager, panting Haachama.

“C’mon Aki! It’ll be fun!!!” Haato yelled, this time with a devilish smile on her face, as if she was possessed.

“Haato-chan, this isn’t funny, I have to poop!” Aki tried to resist the younger girl’s hold, however a brief spurt of a semi-solid mass into her panties stopped her from resisting further. “Please, let me go!”

Haachama cackled at the woman below her, stating, “Just let go… Let the laxatives do their thing…”

“H-huh? Laxatives? W-what are you- AH?!!!” Aki’s confusion was cut short as another small blob of poop shot out into her black panties.

“It’ll feel gooooood. Watch, I’ll prove it…,” the wicked girl cooed as she pushed against her bowels with all her might. With little resistance, her anus shot wide open, and four days’ worth of sludge instantly filled her formerly white panties. Her face reddened with pleasure as her underwear tented outwards, poop spreading in all directions until they ran out of room. “Ooohhh~ That’s good…”

“What’s wrong with you?! I-I can’t… hold… MMPH?!!!” The desperate girl’s cries were interrupted by Haachama mashing her lips right into her own, forcing the two into an untimely, but highly sensual kiss. Her senses completely overloaded, Aki gave in to her bodily needs and her captor’s demands, returning Haachama’s smooch as her body let go, a river of brown mush flowing swiftly into her underwear and squishing between her butt and the floor. She couldn’t describe it, but despite the overall disgust she should be feeling, in that moment, she felt nothing more than a primal arousal. Her inhibitions had become clouded by the urge to orgasm, and her prey was right on top of her.

“Seeeeeeeee? It’s fun, righ- AH?!” Haachama’s teasing was cut off by a sudden shift in her weight as she felt her butt squish against the floor and her back pinned against the floor. Above her loomed a sex-craving Aki, heavy breaths bearing down on her neck as her new position became all too clear.

“Oh, I’m going to have fun with this…”

It wasn’t clear how much time passed after that. When everything was said and done, both girls were completely undressed save their soiled panties, their bodies covered in claw marks and each other’s lipstick. How many orgasms did they share? Who knows? Who cares? Both of them were satisfied as the cleaned each other up in Haato’s shower.

“Equally thoughtful and stupid of you to dump a whole bottle of laxatives in the soup. I thought you said you only added the ingredients in the recipe?” Aki questioned her partner as she gently washed the girl’s shit-caked rear.

“I did! Medicine doesn’t count as an ingredient, right? Ow!” Haato’s enlightening comment was interrupted by a sharp spank to her butt.

“Nevermind, just stupid. I guess I can’t complain too much though. After all, I think we just found a new hobby to share,” Aki mused as she teased the younger girl’s clit, causing her to purr in response.

“Soooo, does that mean… Same time next week?” Haato smiled sweetly, gently bending her rear into her friend’s crotch.

Aki grabbed the girl’s breasts in response. “Honestly, I was thinking same time tomorrow.” The duo giggled amongst themselves as they started to plan out their messy adventures for tomorrow.

