Bella's Long drive (A pokemon omo fanfic)

Author: Notme246

*000*2017-08-28 06:39

(Note: this is my first omo fanfiction, sorry if its bad, hopefully you enjoy)

Bella the shiny Plusle was sitting at the table in her home, waiting for her mother, Mawile, to drive her to school.

Bella was quite the shy Pokemon, she is not very out there and likes to be alone a lot. She is also very easily embarassed. One mess up and she will become a wreck.

Bella was drinking a large glass of orange juice, finishing her last gulp before setting the cup down on the table.

"Mom! Are you ready yet? I dont want to be late!". She yelled to her mother.

Mawile walked out the bathroom. "I'm ready sweety, do you need to use the bathroom before we leave?".

"No, I'm ok!". I said.

"Ok then, lets go".

They got into the car and Mawile started up. By the time the left the there street Bella felt a small twinge in her bladder. 'I kinda gotta pee, oh well I'll wait until i get to school' she thought to herself.

Her school was only about a 30 minute drive. But they always stopped at Sawbucks Coffee to get a hot chocolate since it was nearing winter.

They got there and order two small hot chocolates. Bella started drinking her's and as each gulp fell into her stomach, her bladder sent tiny waves to her brain.

'I should probably go now while can' she thought.

She look to her right at the girls bathroom. There was a line that was relatively long. All the girls in line looking pretty desprate. She then look at her mom who was throwing away her cup indicating she was ready to leave.

'The line is long, and I don't want to be late' she thought.

She then got up, drank the last few gulps of her hot chocolate and ran to her mother as they walked out the door. 'I can wait, school is only a 30 minute drive' she thought.

She sat back in the seat and Mawile started the car again. They then got back on the road.

Bella felt a medium pulse of pressure through her body. 'Ok, I really gotta pee now' she thought.

She still decided she could wait. But then, 10 minutes later, traffic started piling up.

"Looks like we're stuck in this traffic jam". Mawile said. "I guess you have to be late".

Bella being late was the last thing on her mind, right now she was focused on her bladder. It started sending stronger waves to her brain. 'Crap, I really gotta go now, i dont know if i can make it through this traffic'.

15 minutes passed. Bella was crossing her legs every once in awhile. She knew she was running out of time. She grabbed a book out her backpack to try to take her mind off of it.

45 minute mark, the traffic had not led up at all, and Bella was crossing her legs all the time now. Her stomach started growling just a little, and she started feeling pain in her abdomen. 'Oh geez, it's getting worse....I don't how much longer I can hold on'

Hour mark. Bella was not doing good. At this point nothing could dristract her from her now full bladder. She felt lots of pain in her abdomen and was now holding her crotch with her small stubby hands. Mawile noticed her a little fidgety through the rearview mirror.

"You ok back there sweety?". She asked. Bella did not noticed her bouncing foot until then, which she immediately haulted.

"Yea I'm fine". She lied. "Just a bit anxious".

"You and me both". Mawile said turning back around.

1hour 20 minutes. Bella was on her last legs. Her bladder screaming and demanding to be emptied. She was tensed up in her seat, legs crossed and hands on her crotch. She was sweating like mad. 'I can't keep it in...'

Suddenly, a small spurt shot out of her urethra. She quickly held herself tighter, feeling a bit if urine on her hands. 'If this keeps up I'm not gonna make it!' She screamed in her head.

1 Hour 30 minutes, taffic finally died down and they were about 10 minutes away from the school. A much larger spurt escaped from her urethra. She could she a clear wet spot on the car seat. She didn't want to stink up the car, but she was too embarrassed to tell her mom she needed to go badly.

She frantically looked around for some sort of bottle or container to go in.

She found a Machoka Cola can. She knew it wouldn't be enough to contain all of her pee, but it would be enough to let her hold on until she got to school.

She grabbed the can and put it to her crotch, her mother had turned on the radio, so she wouldn't hear her pee in the can.

She then started releasing her urine in the can, sighing in a slight relief that a good amount of pressure was leaving her body.

She didn't want to stop, but the can was full. So she forced herself to stop the flow. She knew the can would smell. So she closed the can, rolled down the window, and threw the can out the car.

While she was in much less pain, she was still just as desprate as before. Clenching her crotch and crossing her legs tighter, her starting to pee only made her have to pee more.

The school came up. Bella grabbed her backpack, kissed her mother on the cheek goodbye, and dashed out the car straight to the school to get to the toilet.

She got to the school, recess had just ended. She made a mad dash for the girls restroom.

She got inside, opened the stall, and, before she could even fully sit down, started peeing forcefully into the toilet. Sighing in maximum relief.

Bella finally finished after about a minute and a half. She got up, flushed the toilet, and washed her hands at the sink.

"Thank arceus I made it" she said going to class.

(Its not very long, but it's a start, if you like this i might make one of Bella in class. Who knows? Criticizem is welcome, hope you enjoyed!)

*002*2017-08-29 04:13

{{21 minutes ago, Bellatrix1 said:

That was very good

}}

Yay Thank you!!!!

:v

(If you have any suggestions i would be happy to hear them!)

*004*2017-08-31 05:56

{{2 hours ago, ShyBay said:

I'd say that this is pretty good; especially for a first. If you keep at it, you can only expect yourself to get better too.

I think that you have some really good potential to be a great writer.

}}

Ahh thank you so much!!!!

