Impure Thoughts

Author: notthewees

*000*2021-09-30 19:26

At a single-sex Catholic college in the early 1960s, Father MacLeary chooses unconventional means to teach a femboy student about the torments of Hell and Purgatory. But when he sees the beautiful ginger youth naked, tied up, and bursting, it’s almost more than his own sinful heart can bear.

Last time I wrote about consensual kink in a loving relationship. This time I wrote something else entirely. I exorcised some demons with this one. I feel bad that I wrote it. Maybe I should go to confession.

Caution! This story features a power imbalance, Catholic guilt, depictions of period-accurate bigotry, blasphemy (contemplated), one seriously perverted priest, and a just desserts plot. If any of these elements are upsetting to you, do yourself a favor and go read something else!

_____

“My whole existence is flawed

You get me closer to God” - Nine Inch Nails

_____

Joe Kelly was a sophomore at Saint Sebastian College, a member of the class of 1964. He was the youngest of ten sons, a pious, soft-voiced boy poet with a scholarship to study literature. His poetry about the saints and angels was unfashionable in the secular world and had been for hundreds of years, but the dean of the college had admired his gifts with language and his unshakeable faith in the doctrines of the Roman Catholic Church. He could be spotted walking around campus with his nose in a book most days. He went to mass more often than most of the other young men.

In appearance he was a true Irish-American lad, lean and slight for his twenty years, red-haired, long-limbed, red-lipped, gap-toothed, freckled, and pretty as a girl.

For over a year, his Friday confessions with Father MacLeary had been deathly dull and pedestrian (he ate too much at dinner and was a glutton, he ate too little at dinner when there were starving children in India, he forgot to shine his shoes.) Then one day, he asked to be absolved of “impure thoughts,” a phrase that always pricked Father MacLeary’s ears.

“What impure thoughts are you having, my son?”

After stammering for upwards of 30 seconds, Joe confessed that he wished to be sodomized. He wished to be sodomized by his roommate. He wished to be sodomized by a busboy who worked at the hotel in town - a colored busboy. He wished to be sodomized by Rock Hudson and other manly Hollywood men whom one could simply not imagine having a proclivity for sodomy. He had not only masturbated to the thought of being sodomized by all these men, but had also inserted his fingers into his anus to simulate the act!

He even said he longed to grow out his hair like a beatnik and dress like a girl, with lace and satin and bows. He wanted to use ladies’ cosmetics. He even wanted to try ladies’ underthings, because in his words, “we boys have to wear plain white underpants every day, but girls get to have fancy, colorful brassieres and nighties made by real designers in Paris.” He fantasized about being dressed as a beautiful woman and having strange, hairy, burly men from the factories put their callused hands up his skirt to grope his bottom and his pecker through his silky underthings!

“I think I’m a fairy,” he whispered through the partition, on the verge of tears.

Father MacLeary heard Joe’s confession with great concern. Students often came to him to confess impure thoughts, but they were usually about the big bouncing bosoms and luscious legs of women. These thoughts were sinful, of course, but the impulse would lead these young men to find good Catholic girls with whom to partake in the act of procreation within the bonds of marriage, as our Lord intended. Joe’s sins of the mind were more serious.

Father MacLeary grieved for Joe’s sins, and the sins of Joe’s generation. With Kennedy in the White House, he had felt a glimmer of hope for the Church in America, but the forces of secularism had advanced as inexorably as ever in the past year. More and more Catholic sons and daughters were putting their faith in modernity, even though all modernity had to offer was the threat of total nuclear annihilation. Rampant homosexuality and cross-dressing was but the latest manifestation.

“Don’t cry, my son.”

“What - what should I do? For penance?”

“First of all, you need to abstain from self-abuse and pray the rosary 70 times, ten times per day for the next seven days,” said Father MacLeary, “You must dwell on every bead and every word, so that God knows your heart is repentant, and you may be saved.”

“Yes, Father.”

“At the end of those seven days, noon of Saturday next, you will come to meet me here at the chapel. We will conduct a ritual, a purgation, that may cure you of your sinful urges. But we must do it alone. Due to the strict policies on sexual sin between boys here at Saint Sebastian, I will have to protect you by keeping the purgation a secret, and I trust that you will help me there.”

“Do you believe it will cure me, Father? I’ve thought so many evil thoughts that I think I’ll never be cured.”

“We can only try.”

“Thank you, Father.”

“It is my duty as a man of the cloth,” he lied, “Now go, and sin no more.”

_____

On Thursday night, while Joe was still up earnestly saying his rosaries, the priest had a dream.

He was standing alone at the head of the chapel, which was decorated for Easter. The sun was shining outside the stained-glass windows.

A tall woman entered. She was wearing a pastel pink calf-length A-line dress with full petticoats, white kitten heels, white stockings, and a big white hat with a Cala lily adornment. A waterfall of shining red tresses spilled out from under the hat. The only odd note was the white ascot tucked around her neck. She was looking down and he could not see her face, but he knew that she was a beauty. Any of the students in his congregation would be very fortunate to have her to wife.

The woman clearly needed to use the restroom. She was standing with her legs crossed, her gloved hands pressing down the front of her skirts as she swayed from side to side.

“Father…”

She looked lifted her head. She - he - was Joe! Under the makeup, Joe’s features were unmistakable. The ascot was pinned to conceal his Adam’s apple.

“I’ve been holding my waters for Lent. I haven’t urinated in 40 days and 40 nights,” Joe - Joan? Jo-Ann? - said.

Joe reached down and lifted his skirts, revealing his long legs in white stockings and his garter belt. He was wearing pink panties of the thinnest silk. The outline of his genitals was obscenely apparent.

“We’re sodomites, Father.”

Joe began to water the green carpet at his feet. The tip of his penis became visible through the wet spot on his panties. The flow went on, and on, beyond what made sense for a human body, until the chapel was flooded with two feet of Joe’s light yellow wee. Joe stood in it with a look of utter happiness on his face, even though he’d ruined his white stockings and lovely Easter dress.

“He is risen!” Joe declared.

The bells were ringing. Father MacLeary woke up with an erection, the kind of rock-solid morning wood he hadn’t experienced since his youth. He had to lie in bed and wait for it to deflate, despite needing the toilet with the cramping urgency of a 52-year-old man with a bad prostate.

It was a holy dream, he thought. To dream of Easter is holy. The Holy Spirit was granting him permission to act in Joe’s case.

_____

Joe and Father MacLeary could hear the noon bells of Saint Sebastian College ringing far above them, startling evidence that outside, up there, it was daytime. They were in a small room in the basement of the chapel, where the walls were draped in black and a candelabra the only source of light.

The candlelight glimmered off of Father MacLeary’s gold-rimmed eyeglasses as he studied Joe’s nude body splayed out on the smooth, sturdy oak table. His slim wrists and ankles were bound to posts at the corners of the table, leaving him only enough freedom of movement in the knees and elbows to contort and writhe. He was not contorting and writhing now, but Father MacLeary was counting on the fact that he would be.

Now father MacLeary could see that God had given Joe freckles even where he was not much exposed to the sun, and that the sweet curls of his pubic hair were coppery red. He could smell Joe’s subtle masculine scent and the hair oil he used to flatten the corresponding red curls on his head. The smell made his mouth water.

In the bowl of Joe’s smooth belly, just under his navel, Father MacLeary could spy the swell of the pitcher of iced tea he brought Joe to drink an hour before, up in his office. He had gotten the recipe for sweet iced tea when he visited the diocese in New Orleans. It was astonishing how efficiently the Southern drink filled one’s bladder. He had directed Joe to drink glass after glass in preparation for this special lesson in theology. How his Adam’s apple had bobbed in his handsome pale throat as he drank!

“This tastes great, Father. We Yankees could learn something from the chefs down South,” he had said, smiling awkwardly.

Now all that liquid was flowing into his bladder. Father MacLeary imagined the growing discomfort. The discomfort would get much worse. It was part of the ritual that Joe needed.

The priest had never done this before - the spiritual purgation of another through the denial of the bladder. He had never dared. He realized now that he had been waiting for the right young man, a conscientious one who needed to be purged of a great spiritual corruption, and who was too timid to report him to the bishop. The bishop wouldn’t understand that the denial of the bladder could save a soul from the fires of Hell.

_____

TO BE CONTINUED...

*001*2021-10-01 00:40

PART 2

The candles dripped.

Father MacLeary sat in the chair table side, reading sonorously in Latin from Augustine’s Confessions. Over and over he spoke the word peccatum - sin.

Joe, the sinner, twisted against his bonds, as man’s wickedness twists against the bonds of Church doctrine, but to no avail. He had been warned that the ritual would involve being bound like Isaac upon a table, but not that he would be unclothed and expected to perform a feat of continence after drinking four liters of iced tea. His slim thighs and small, firm buttocks flexed as he pulled. Father MacLeary could not let the sodomites in the big city get a hold of this young man. He was so delectable that they would never let him return to the Church, and his soul would be damned.

Father MacLeary gazed again at the burgeoning swell of his bladder. The thought of how it would ache as it expanded filled him with joy, the joy of a man of God who knows he is doing the right thing.

It would take time. Joe had gone to Catholic school, and Catholic school boys knew how to hold it. The nuns insisted. When Father MacLeary conducted mass, he sometimes thought about the strong Catholic bladders of the strapping fellows of his flock. He would survey the chapel and wonder if any of them were full and hurting with morning coffee. His body would always respond as if this were an impure thought, although it couldn’t have been - the bladder is not a sex organ. Father MacLeary had never had an impure thought in his life; it was a sin from which he was blessedly free by nature.

He only ever dreamed of oceans of warm urine sloshing inside young men’s bladders, young men enduring the spiritually edifying torment of their waters until they could bear it no more…

But then again, perhaps Joe had gone to a school where the lavatory policy was too lax. Perhaps that was why he was a sodomite: the nuns were too modern, and had not subjected him to that terrible, secret suffering that every day had brought Father MacLeary closer to Christ’s passion in his school days. Oh, sweetest and most exquisite of sufferings, the pressure in an obedient Catholic boy’s bladder in the last hour of the school day, when he must sit still and cannot squirm, when he knows the nuns will beat him if he wets his pants!

When Father MacLeary was in seminary, he would hold it in from morning to night, even though he didn’t have to, to partake again in this suffering. During Holy Week he would urinate only once every 24 hours, a purifying flagellation without the need for whips and blood. He regretted that he could not do this any longer due to the natural physical decline with age. Continence against any amount of agony was the key to a Catholic education. Children could not learn restraint in sexual matters if they were allowed to make water whenever they felt the urge.

“Father?” Joe groaned, interrupting this reverie.

“Yes, my child?”

“How long is the purgation going to last?”

“Why do you ask?” Father MacLeary said, unctuously.

“I - I can’t focus on Saint Augustine’s words. I need to - I need to use the restroom.”

Joe turned his thighs inward and held them as close together as he could.

“This ritual cannot be interrupted.”

“It’s an emergency. I had a lot of tea,” he whined, softly.

Oh, Father MacLeary knew. It had only been two hours, but two hours was a very long time when you’d had four liters of iced tea. He imagined he could hear the tea running through Joe’s kidneys like a babbling brook. His waters would be almost clear, pure. The washing of urea salts from the body through urination was like the washing of sin from the soul at Confession. Blessed relief, but you inevitably filled up again. It was never enough in the eyes of God.

“You’re going to have to hold it in, my child. If you urinate during this purgation, it will be ruined, and your demons will return.”

“I’m so sorry, Father, but how long does the purgation take?”

“It varies. Please be still and silent.”

Father MacLeary continued reading. He glanced up at breaks in the text. Behind the moons of his glasses, his eyes sparkled with sadistic pleasure.

Joe could not stay still. Within ten minutes, he was wiggling his bottom, rocking back and forth as best he could in his position. The bulge in his lower abdomen was more distinct. His expression was pained.

“Be still, my child.”

“I’m sorry, Father.”

Father MacLeary slammed the leather-bound volume shut with a bang. Joe startled.

“Do you think this is a game, Joe Kelly?”

“N-n-no, Father.”

Father MacLeary stood up and walked around to the foot of the table. He looked down sternly at Joe in his naked helplessness.

“You came here in the spirit of repentance, and you will stay here in the spirit of repentance,” he said. He reached into his cassock and removed a hand-sized crucifix with pointed tips. A small plaster representation of Christ crucified hung from the cross.

“The Power of Christ compels you to desist in your wickedness!”

Joe looked terrified.

There was an excruciation that Father MacLeary had practiced on himself 30 years ago in seminary with this very crucifix. During Lent, he would return to his cell in the evenings, the ache in his bladder so acute it eclipsed all other thoughts in his mind, and wield the crucifix like a dagger against himself. He would press the pointed end to his abdomen between his genitals and his navel and push. The crucifix was not sharp enough to break the skin, but the stretched, thin flesh over his distended bladder would turn bright white under the assault.

It was best to do it standing with legs akimbo, the point of the crucifix angled downward to push the waters towards the feet, against the exhausted muscles that held them inside. During Holy Week, when he would be holding 24 hours worth of his waters rather than 14, the pain of the excruciation was like nothing he had ever known, and he would have to hold a rag in his mouth to keep from screaming. He would excruciate three consecutive times, for the three times Peter had denied Christ. It was only after this excruciation that he emptied himself into a chamber pot, a moment’s foretaste of the mind-melting bliss of Paradise.

He longed to teach Joe about the excruciation, to hear him wail and see his pale skin drenched in sweat under its administration, but thought better of it. It was for more advanced Christians than this young man. One had to practice the denial of the bladder for years before one could endure it without losing control.

“Why are you still squirming when I told you to stop?”

Joe averted his eyes. “I need to use the restroom. Urgenty. I’m sorry.”

“What do you know about Purgatory, Joe?”

For a Catholic boy, it was basically a rhetorical question.

“It’s where you have to wait for years and years to go to Heaven,” Joe said, “because of all your venial sins.”

“Correct. And what are we learning right now? Because we drank all that tea?”

“…How hard it is to wait.”

“Imagine waiting for thousands of years for relief, because of all the sins you committed in your heart. And as for the torments of Hell, the destination for sodomites who act on their urges in the world and do not repent of their ways…”

Joe looked viscerally frightened.

“Well, we won’t talk about that. My son, I will not reprimand you directly if you squirm again. It is as if you are in Purgatory. But to purge your sins, you must hold your water until we have concluded. Otherwise, you may risk a tumble into a lower place.”

Joe looked fit to cry.

“We will resume our reading now.”

Father MacLeary sat down in the chair again, his heart pounding.

_____

Joe was pulling against his bonds, trying with all his might to pull his arms down or press his thighs together. He was breathing hard. His brow was glistening with sweat; his pubic hair was damp; his hair was tousled; his bladder protruded roundly from his abdomen like a bomb in a cartoon. Every once in awhile he would look up into Father MacLeary’s eyes, broadcasting panic, dread, and, for a brief moment, reproach.

Father MacLeary could hardly breathe. He licked his lips. He wanted to see Joe lose control, he craved it, he had half a mind to place his bare hand on Joe’s firm bladder and press down hard until it gave, but he also wanted this sweet suffering to last as long as it could. Joe’s helpless pissing would be the defining moment of his life as a priest. Over 50 years, all leading up to this. He wanted to run upstairs, reach into the tabernacle and seize the sacred chalice that was used to hold the communion wine, Christ’s very blood shed for the forgiveness of sins, and collect this Irish-American angel’s pent-up waters within it and drink deeply of them.

But there was no time. If he stepped out of the room, he might miss the moment of crisis. He yearned to see the arc of pressurized liquid as it would spring from the tip of his prick. He yearned to see the massive puddle on the table, on the floor. He yearned to hear the dismayed cries of this humiliated sodomite when he realized that his lack of self-control would be noted by our Lord, how he would be subjected to untold bladder denial and excruciation in Hell for all eternity while Father MacLeary watched panting from the border of Heaven - oh suffering!

Oh, the unspeakable, overwhelming, prick-stiffening pleasure of suffering!

“Just what the HELL is going on in here?!” a voice boomed from the doorway.

The candles guttered with a sudden draft. A broad-chested student of 21 stood in the doorway. Father MacLeary didn’t recognize him, but Joe did. It was Chester, his roommate.

“Help me! Help me! I’m going to go to Hell! I’m going to burn in Hell!” Joe cried, lifting his head off the table.

Chester was big and strong, and in that moment, he didn’t care about who was an authority figure who could get him expelled. He rushed into the chamber, grasped the priest by his clerical collar, and threw him out the door with great force. Unsure of what to do next, he slammed the door and locked it, sealing himself and his naked, bound roommate inside.

Father MacLeary pushed himself up from the basement floor with effort, stunned. He thought to run for help, to go to the administration or even the local police and tell them that an insubordinate student had assaulted him. It took him a moment to realize that if he didn’t get back into that room as soon as possible, he was going to miss the sight of Joe wetting himself. Undisciplined Joe could not long avoid succumbing to the weakness of the flesh and letting loose the sea of warm waters inside, and Father MacLeary might not see it.

He reared back and rammed his shoulder into the door, howling with rage, “You open this door right now, you juvenile delinquent! If you don’t open this door, there will be serious consequences! I’ll have you expelled! I’ll kill you! I’ll kill you!”

Inside, Chester began untying Joe’s bonds. His Boy Scout training came in handy.

“I have to…I have to…” Joe groaned.

“It’s okay, buddy,” Chester murmured, working at the knots.

They heard Father MacLeary banging on the door and threatening them.

“I need to…I need to…” Joe was frantic now. Chester didn’t know he’d been ordered to hold a bursting bladder for hours.

“Moses on a stick, where are your clothes?” Chester asked as he untied the last bond. Joe moved to sit up, immediately grasping his penis in both hands, moaning and shaking.

Bang! Bang! Bang! “I’ll kill you! I’ll kill you!”

“Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh Mother Mary Jesus help me! No! No!” Joe sobbed as a gout of pee erupted from his prick and hit Chester’s white sweater vest. Chester jerked away in shock. Joe sat on the edge of the table with his legs apart and sobbed as the piss poured out of him in a parabola, splattering on the floor. It kept coming and coming, heavily enough that it foamed where it hit the floor. His prick bobbed of its own accord as his bladder emptied, throwing liquid every which way, “Oh, oh, Mother Mary!”

“Jesus,” Chester commented when it ended. How much was it, a quart of piss? More than that? He was baffled.

“He made me hold it,” Joe whispered. He was naked, disheveled, his face wet with tears and his thighs wet with pee, looking up at the person he had been utterly besotted with for two years, who had damp spots on his sweater vest. He began to cry inconsolably.

“Jesus,” reiterated Chester. Poor Joe. “I’m sorry, buddy.”

The banging outside the door had stopped. Joe and Chester, distracted, hadn’t heard the sickening crunch that accompanied the priest’s final effort to break down the door. Just outside, Father MacLeary had fallen to the floor, gripping his right shoulder, fetal with pain. What brought him out of the red haze of that moment was the smell of urine wafting from the half inch of clearance under the door. Sharp. Unmistakable. He rolled onto his back like a dying insect and let out a roar of utter, crushing defeat.

Five anxious minutes later, they emerged from the room. Chester went first, holding his Swiss Army knife out in front of him. The door bumped into Father MacLeary’s injured shoulder and they heard a groan. Joe, wearing his rumpled clothes from before (he had found them behind Father MacLeary’s chair) and still smelling of piss and fear, followed.

Father MacLeary looked up and saw the knife.

“Boys, take pity on a poor old man, a humble servant of the Lamb,” the priest said.

The institutional lighting in the greater basement area was just bright enough that Chester could see where middle-aged Father MacLeary had pissed himself from the pain of his dislocated shoulder and broken collarbone. It filled him with contempt rather than pity. He spat on him. Joe was shocked but also strangely exhilarated to see it. His rescuer spat on a priest!

“Man will never be free until the last king is strangled with the entrails of the last priest,” Chester quoted, scowling. He grabbed Joe’s hand and started running for the stairs.

___

Father MacLeary had to lie on the floor for hours with his injuries, lamenting what he viewed as a triumph of Satan himself and wistfully imagining what the vile interloper had gotten to witness.

He wondered what on earth had just happened. How it had all gone so wrong.

What had happened was this: the night after Joe’s big confession, Chester had seen his roommate at the foot of his bed, praying the rosary with excruciating slowness, his face a mess of tears and snot. The next night, it happened again, lasting even longer and looking even more pathetic. He knew that his roommate was more pious than himself, but these performances were becoming unsettling. On the third night, he finally asked what on earth was wrong.

Joe began to weep and promptly told him everything. He wept and wept and babbled about how he had loved Chester in silence for two years, how he could barely endure sleeping next to him but being unable to reach out and touch him. How Chester was far from his first crush and he just plain liked other men. Whatever Chester had been expecting, it wasn’t this.

“It’s okay. Father MacLeary is going to cure me. He said I’ll be cured if I go to the chapel at noon on Saturday for,” he wiped his nose on his pajama sleeve, “a purgation.”

Chester, who had forbidden volumes of beat poetry and Red political pamphlets hidden beneath a floorboard under his bed, was already fed up with the system at Saint Sebastian. He didn’t know what to think about homosexuals or pansies or whatever people like Joe were called - he himself liked to look at girls, most of the time - but he knew that he didn’t trust Father MacLeary or this mysterious “purgation.” He always knew there was something creepy about that priest, the way he leered at the boys and plied them with iced tea.

The next few night were unspeakably awkward, with both Chester and Joe lying awake next to each other, the one thinking too hard about the implications of the situation, the other burrowed deep in blankets, sorrowing and occasionally sniffling. On the morning of the purgation, Joe looked at Chester with such misery in his eyes that Chester was overwhelmed with compassion. So what if Joe was a pansy? Pansies are people, too.

Chester had decided to make his way over to the chapel after his early afternoon math class and scope it out. He remembered from his freshman year altar service that the basement of the chapel had a suite of tiny, dank brick rooms towards the apse. He crept down the hidden stairwell to investigate. He could hear Joe crying with pain behind the only locked door and assumed the absolute worst. Discerning that the door was too heavy to break down, he picked the lock with his Swiss Army knife, and discovered the extraordinary scene of clerical depravity that confirmed every ugly thought he’d ever had about his Alma Mater.

After hurrying Joe back to the dorms, Chester knew they had to run. No one was going to believe a pansy and a pansy’s roommate when it was their word against a priest. It was the push he needed to do something he’d wanted to do for a long time now: run away to New York City and start life on his own terms. While Joe showered in the floor bathroom, Chester packed suitcases for both of them. Awkwardness or no awkwardness, they could stick together until they were both safe.

They made it to the station in town just in time for the last bus to Buffalo, and from there, in the morning, they caught another bus to Manhattan. Joe was finally able to relax enough to go to sleep on the second bus, leaning against the gritty window with his red hair shining in the morning sun. Chester gazed at him. How strange are the circumstances of our lives!

And in spite of the horrible situation back at Saint Sebastian, it occurred to Chester how peculiarly adorable Joe had looked back in the candlelight of that basement room, slim and naked and pissing everywhere with his smallish uncut prick. There was something so sweet about him. He was cute the way girls were cute, but also the way boys were cute, and it was confusing.

He’d sort it all out when they got to Greenwich Village, where the poets lived.

______

END

*004*2021-10-02 14:58

{{19 minutes ago, PrincessPEEach said:

There should totally be a next chapter!!

}}

What if sheltered Joe gets so freaked out by the big city it makes him pee-shy?

I'll think about it when I have actual time...

*005*2021-10-06 07:30

Due to popular demand, I am working on sequels following the characters in "Impure Thoughts." In this installment, we learn more about Father MacLeary's time in seminary - and the sexy Italian who made him forever crave the sight of bursting young men

______

CHAPTER 2: A WOUNDED PRIEST'S REVERIES

______

“I wanna chain you up

I wanna tie you down

I'm just a sucker for pain”

- X Ambassadors

______

Father MacLeary lay abed at Saint Liborius Hospital. It had been three months since his assault by rebellious students in the basement of the chapel at Saint Sebastian College, where he was a chaplain. The surgeons - that is, the butchers - had had to open his shoulder to set his broken bones, and they had infected him with some bug that had made his surgical incision turn red and leak pus. He was in traction, unable to move his arms. Every day, he received an injection of antibiotics for the infection, and an appalling assortment of pills for the side effects of the antibiotics. He’d become anemic and needed blood transfusions. A horrid man with a unibrow came in daily to exercise his weakening legs.

He was expected to use a bedpan like clockwork, six times a day for number one and once a day for number two. This meant that six times a day, a fresh-faced girl or a sour-faced nun would have to hold his member as he did his pathetic old-man piddling. He generally appreciated this situation as much as anyone else would. Yet today, one of the young lay nurses, who had a shiny blonde beehive hairdo, was wiggling her bottom in her white uniform and pressing her delicate hand against her crotch as she bent over to hold the bedpan for him.

“Are you okay, miss?”

“It’s been a long shift, Father.”

“I’m sorry, my daughter,” he said, but he was terribly, secretly thrilled to be making water in front of someone who needed to and couldn’t, even if it was a girl.

It was a pleasant distraction. He had every waking hour of the day to brood on his misfortunes. He lamented how darling Joe had leapt from his hands - and the Church’s, and God’s - like a slippery eel. He regretted that the bishop was probably going to remove him from his official duties and put him out to pasture in the home for old priests because of the weakness caused by his injuries. He would lose all the comforts of his life at Saint Sebastian College: the apartment where he lived, the library where he supplemented his lifelong study of theology, the chapel where he gave mass, and the secular studies building where he would hide in the men’s room stall after long exams to hear his congregants sigh so sweetly as they released their pent-up waters into the urinals (but only to gain information regarding their general health, as would concern a priest. They were all so young, could hold so much…)

He knew how the sick and injured should behave: they should be grateful for all care received, pray to their patron saints for deliverance, and never feel bitterness. But he did feel bitterness - a wretched bitterness.

Whenever the shots were administered, he couldn’t get the disturbing thought out of his head: if they’d had the antibiotics back then, Giovanni Russo might still be alive.

___

Saint John Seminary, Maine, 1928. Patrick MacLeary had been just eighteen, a bloodless blonde with a widow’s peak, tall and gaunt and angular with restless, searching blue eyes. People from the old neighborhood always commented - not without opprobrium - that he looked more English than Irish. From middle childhood, everyone understood that the serious, effeminate boy would be a priest. Never was a bony neck more suited for the clerical collar or a birdlike frame more suited for the cassock.

At Saint John they lived on monastic time, following a cycle of hours for prayers, study or work, meals, and sleep each day that had not changed since the Middle Ages. The food was simple - typically a watery oatmeal or soup that left them always slightly hungry but not cruelly so - and the cells had very firm mattresses on their low iron beds. It was believed that two years up here in the hills of Maine would purify the young men’s spirits before they reentered the world as priests.

Brother Russo, given name Giovanni, was the only Italian at the seminary. He had a handsome face, almost like Rudolph Valentino’s, and his Mediterranean origins showed in his large, liquid black eyes, thick dark glossy hair, and forever-burgeoning five-o’clock shadow. He was short but had a robust build, and he participated with utmost vigor on their days of spiritually edifying manual labor for the seminary. Brother MacLeary would glimpse the un-clerical muscles of his arms and chest bulging beneath his shirtsleeves as he worked and wonder about the internal spiritual life of this swarthy lad, this stallion in a stable of geldings.

Brother MacLeary had grown up with all the prejudices against the “wops” and “organ grinders” and “dago bastards” that the old neighborhood had to offer. He knew how noisy and uncouth the Italians were, and how they were exploiting sacrificial wine being exempt from Prohibition to run liquor for jazz musicians and loose women in speakeasies. But this was a seminary, not the old neighborhood. Here, Italians and Irishmen were brothers in Christ.

Italians and Irishmen, brothers in Christ. They were weeding the garden, and he pondered this as he watched Brother Russo’s trapezius muscle flex under his sweat-dampened shirtsleeve collar in the summer sun. Every time he pulled a weed, a flex ran through the muscles of his arms and shoulders. Brother MacLeary felt a pang of guilt for staring, but he couldn’t stop, or explain why he was doing it.

There was a sharp pain in his left hand. He looked down, saw blood, and fainted.

He awoke with his head in Brother Russo’s lap. Two other brothers looked on, concerned. His hand was wrapped in a makeshift tourniquet that was made from Brother Russo’s ripped shirtsleeve.

They told him he’d cut himself driving the trowel into the dirt at the wrong angle.

“Don’t be clumsy!” Father Blythe had scolded later that day, “You’ll get lockjaw and perish. Remember the virtues of constancy and attention in all things.”

But he struggled to pay attention that week. Over and over, his mind circled back to the tenderness with which his Italian brother in Christ had been stroking his forehead to wake him up.

___

Three months later, the two young men were ordered to walk into town together to ask the good people at the post office about a missing piece of mail. They took the long way, down a path away from the main road that crossed a mountain stream.

It was late October. The leaves were nearly gone from the deciduous trees; winter birds chattered in the conifers. Their breath was visible. The chill and damp of the approaching Maine winter were everywhere.

The letter was nowhere to be found at the post office, as expected. The brothers in Christ found that the brisk walk and the excitement of seeing non-clerical people in the town had loosened their tongues. They began to chatter like the birds about anything and everything, from the scenery to the inadequacies of seminary food to Father Doyle’s peculiar facial expressions.

“One moment.”

Brother Russo unbuttoned part of his cassock around the hips, pulled his prick free from his heavy winter underclothes, and quickly pissed onto a boulder. His urine steamed in the chill air. Brother MacLeary averted his eyes, but he’d gotten a brief glance in spite of himself: Brother Russo had a gigantic prick, one of the biggest he’d ever seen, even with the cold.

“You need to take a leak, too?”

The truth was that Brother MacLeary needed to, he’d needed it badly since dawn and hearing Brother Russo do it in the cold had made him need it to the point he wanted to cry, but he had committed himself as usual to the discipline of holding his water until after Compline, the evening prayer. He never felt so close to Christ as he did when he was kneeling at prayer in the chilly chapel with a throbbing, tormented seventeen-hour bladder that made him strain and suffer in ways no one else could see.

“Yes, but I’m practicing the denial of the bladder,” he said, taking a risk. He hadn’t told anyone about his discipline, but it was the only thing he could think of about himself that might impress the handsome Italian.

“What’s that?”

“I only urinate twice a day, after Compline and after Matins. I find the discipline required tests and strengthens my faith.”

“You hold it in from Matins to Compline? That’s gotta hurt,” said Brother Russo.

“Sometimes,” said Brother MacLeary. An understatement. “During Holy Week next year, I plan to revise my discipline to only urinate after Matins.”

“I hear that’s not so good for the body.”

“Ah, but it is good for the soul.”

They walked in silence for a minute.

“Maybe I should give it the old college try, myself,” said Brother Russo, “you seem like you carry that bursting bladder of yours with a spirit of holiness. Sometimes I don’t feel so holy. I’m just the son of a Boston dockyard man. I ran to the Church because he drank, not because any angels spoke to me. Sometimes I wonder if God will strike me dead because I don’t really have the Calling. But you - you’re one of the holiest fellows at the seminary.”

“Only because I know I am a great sinner, like all men,” said Brother MacLeary, his heart hammering madly from the joy of hearing Brother Russo’s praise. He was so happy in that moment that he would have to confess to personal immodesty later that week.

They came back to the stream they had passed on the way out.

“Does all that water bother you, Brother, when you’ve been sealed up for spiritual discipline since two in the morning?”

Brother MacLeary, his heart light, found a humor that was rare for him. He put a hand on his lower abdomen, bent over, and groaned theatrically, “quit, I’ll pop like a balloon!”

They laughed together. Brother Russo looked so charming when he laughed. Brother MacLeary wanted their walk back to the seminary to last forever. They were friends now, not just brothers in Christ, and Brother MacLeary was dreamy, loopy, giddy. He almost took Brother Russo’s hand on impulse. He felt an overwhelming emotion he could not name.

That night, when a very heavy-bladdered Brother MacLeary kneeled for Compline, he snuck a glance at Brother Russo across the chapel. Brother Russo met his eyes and winked.

___

When he returned to his room, he did not get his chamber pot as usual, even though his body cried plaintively for it. He had a sudden mania to wait until Matins, their first morning prayer at 2:00 AM. For the first time in his life, he would hold 24 hours worth of his waters. He tingled all over in anticipation of this agony.

Once you have taken the vow of celibacy, the male member serves only to transport urine.

He lay tossing and turning in a light sleep. He dreamed that his chamber pot was gone and he was frantically running all about the seminary looking for a place to relieve himself, but finding that the indoor fixtures, the other brothers’ chamber pots, and even the bowls from the kitchens were also missing. He drifted sweatily back into consciousness, arching his back as he felt the pain in his overfilled bladder and reminding himself that it was not yet time, he needed to sleep. The memories of the rushing stream he’d passed that day and of Brother Russo making water on the path were a torment. Imaginings came to him unbidden.

Maybe I should give it the old college try…

Brother Russo would come into his cell after Matins during Holy Week, when they were both at their true physical limits from the denial of the bladder, aching for release.

Brother Russo would embrace and kiss him, in the manner of Italians. Beneath the kiss would be the tremble of abject physical need. They would be gasping and covered in gooseflesh from the pain of retaining their waters for so long.

Brother MacLeary would fall on his knees before Brother Russo, who would lift his cassock and expose his naked lower body. The moonlight would slide like a heavenly tongue over the dark hair on his shins and belly, the olive skin of his thighs, his long, thick prick and massively virile but chaste balls. His bladder would be brimming with 24 hours’ worth of his waters, as round as a ripe summer melon fit to burst with its juices.

Wordlessly, he would invite Brother MacLeary to touch the swelling with his fingertips, as if it were a pregnancy. He would place the pad of his thumb on Brother MacLeary’s lower lip, and Brother MacLeary would tilt his head back, close his eyes, and open his mouth, like Saint Theresa of Avila meeting her angel.

“No,” Brother Russo would say softly, “together.”

And he would kneel beside Brother MacLeary before the chamber pot. Embracing one another, cheek to cheek, chest to chest, their pricks almost touching (but not touching - that would be sodomy) they would shiver in ecstasy as they relaxed the cramped muscles within them and let their waters run together. The pot would fill all the way to the top with their warm mingled bodily fluids.

Ahhhh, ahhh, ohhhhhhh, yes, yes...oh Brother Russo, I’ve yearned for this…

The thought boiled his blood, made turn over and grind his hips against the mattress, craving the pressure against his hard prick and swollen bladder as he whispered his good brother’s name into the pillow again and again.

Brother Russo, oh Brother Russo…kiss me…kiss me again…

He panted and rutted into the mattress, imagining the sound of Brother Russo - Giovanni - moaning hotly in Italian as his waters surged and splashed beside his own. Amore mio…è così piacevole…ti amo, ti amo…

Giovanni, Giovanni, Giovanni…Ohhh, Giovanni…Yes, yes, YES YES YESYESYESYESYES GOD YES

Brother MacLeary came. It was all he could do to keep from wetting the bed as his orgasm seized him.

A nocturnal emission. It was a spiritual peril of being young and celibate he’d been repeatedly warned about. The evidence would show up in the laundry; he’d have to confess it, even if it hadn’t been brought on by impure uses of the hands or even impure thoughts - only the writhing that comes with trying to sleep with a full bladder, plus mental images of such benign activities as urinating beside another man and kissing an Italian the way Italians kissed each other.

Unable to persevere after spilling his seed, he scrambled for the chamber pot beneath his bed and surrendered after 21 hours, his stream slamming into the porcelain with a kind of fury.

___

That month, Brother MacLeary did all his seminary duties with a joyful heart. He and his friend were not granted another walk alone together, but it was no matter when the briefest glance, a nod hello, or the opportunity to touch something his friend had touched caused him to rejoice in the majesty of what a cosmos the Lord had made. All he needed to know was that his dearest friend was nearby, praying when he prayed, sleeping when he slept, eating when he ate. All day and night his heart beat Brother Russo Brother Russo Brother Russo. Giovanni Giovanni Giovanni.

The nocturnal emissions became a nightly affliction, but Father Blythe assured him that in the absence of impure thoughts or masturbation, they were not serious.

On a bleak, rainy day in early November, Brother MacLeary got a shock. After Sext, the midday prayer, Brother Russo grasped his upper arm (oh, the touch of that warm, strong hand! Rejoice in the blessings of the Lord!) and pulled him conspiratorially into the vestibule of the chapel.

“I’ve got to piss something awful. I’ve been holding it in since Matins, for discipline, like you. I don’t know how you do it.”

Brother MacLeary blushed. His mouth went dry. He thought he would faint again.

“Try to eat the vegetables out of the soup at dinner. Otherwise the liquid will have you in a panic at Compline,” Brother MacLeary advised. It was all he could think of to say.

He was thrilled, of course, that his friend was practicing a discipline that would bring him closer to Christ. But he was also thrilled, on a more visceral level, that his dearest friend had a full bladder and he knew about it.

He had to stand in the vestibule for a few moments composing himself before he departed for the library.

It was a day of divinity study. The only sound in the library was the turning of pages, clearing of throats, and swishing of the winter rain outside. Brother Russo was bent over a volume of Aquinas in English and clumsily taking notes. Brother MacLeary sat with his own Aquinas in Latin at an empty table across the aisle where he could could observe him at a diagonal. He hungered to see any sign of discomfort, and at last Brother Russo shifted from one plump, muscular buttock to the other and started shaking his heel under his chair. Brother MacLeary licked his lips as he surreptitiously watched the shaking of that heel in its simple black leather shoe. His own bladder winced in sympathy. Concealed beneath his cassock, his member stiffened.

After a few minutes, Brother Russo glanced around, an expression of anxiety or possibly embarrassment on his face, and pressed his hand into his crotch. Brother MacLeary could discern the squeezing of his thighs under his cassock, the bouncing of his knees.

Ever since elementary school, Brother MacLeary could remain still in his seat no matter how his bladder screamed. He disapproved of squirming, thinking it a weakness. But the sight of Brother Russo squirming obsessed him; he could not stop watching, thinking of how their bladders had filled in unison since Matins. Their intimacy was secret, wonderful, unspeakable, and here was the visual evidence, so subtle it was only perceptible to him.

Brother Russo’s hand formed a fist in his groin. He was holding himself, squishing down his penis to soothe the urge. Non-sinful touching. It occurred to Brother MacLeary that he could help him hold it in, reaching into his lap and taking him in hand, grasping, compressing, feeling the heft of that oversize organ. And what if, for some reason, they were unclothed, naked as Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden, and Brother MacLeary could sinlessly feel Brother Russo’s bare flesh?

He had to take a deep breath to calm his nerves. This was the time of day when his own bladder began to ache in earnest, especially on quiet days when it rained. The knowledge of Brother Russo’s suffering was making him think of his own and feel every liquidy slosh and internal muscle twitch exquisitely. Brother MacLeary snuck a book into his lap and pressed the edge of it into his flesh below the belly button, letting the pain radiate as he watched Brother Russo fidgeting.

He wanted to run to his cell and throw himself upon his bed, rubbing his wildly agitated member against the bedclothes.

Just as his reveries were reaching a fever pitch and he thought he might wet himself, the bell rang for None, the mid-afternoon prayer. The way the brothers crowded into the chapel, he ended up seated far in front of Brother Russo where he could not observe him. This was frustrating, but allowed him to refocus his thoughts. All this blessed denial of the bladder was done for God, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. He must remain sober in his mind, lest he lose control too soon and cause Brother Russo to do the same.

He was tested at the divinity lecture, where he was seated right next to Brother Russo. His friend squeezed himself and slowly fanned his sturdy thighs under the table throughout Father Doyle’s discourse on the virgin martyrs. But Brother MacLeary sat primly upright and kept his eyes forward.

“This is hard,” Brother Russo whispered as they broke for Vespers and dinner, “I don’t know how you do this.”

“I do it for the Lord,” Brother MacLeary said.

The rain drummed on the roof relentlessly. Brother Russo could hardly eat at dinner. He picked a few vegetables out of his soup and chewed them for too long, looking pale. Brother MacLeary melted with sympathy because he lived it every day: the inability to taste, the tired muscles, the irrational urge to tuck the big metal bowl under one’s cassock and piss long and hard in it. Sweet Brother Russo, it’s almost over. You can hold it in a little longer.

After dinner, they went to the chapel for Compline.

O God, come to our aid.

O Lord, make haste to help us.

Compline was normally when Brother MacLeary experienced his most intense devotions, when the throbbing of his bladder caused the prayers of the other brothers to fade into the background as a conduit of pure suffering opened between himself and the saints and martyrs. But today it was as if the conduit opened horizontally between himself and Brother Russo. He glanced across the aisle to where Brother Russo was kneeling and saw that he was swaying on his kneeler, sweat beading his brow and upper lip, his eyelids fluttering, his praying hands clenched. Absolutely bursting.

He felt the pressure of holding back his own vast waters. The seventeen-hour ache. It was like nothing else.

Come quickly and hear me, O Lord,

For my spirit is weakening.

In his mind, he stood close behind a nude Brother Russo, his eyes shut and his nose buried in his neck, smelling his thick black hair, running his hands slowly down his muscular chest and belly until he reached the bulge of his swollen bladder, his genitals…I’ll aim for you, you just let it go, amore mio…

He began to sweat all over his body.

It was -

- wonderful.

Be calm but vigilant, because your enemy the devil is prowling round like a roaring lion, looking for someone to eat. Stand up to him, strong in faith.

It was -

- sodomy?

Of course not.

Now, Master, you let your servant go in peace.

You have fulfilled your promise.

Salve Regina! O dulcis Virgo Maria!

Brother MacLeary, who had always been inconspicuous and swift-footed, rushed into the east wing of the seminary complex and stationed himself at the door to Brother Russo’s cell, his hand on the doorknob. The gaslight flickered along the walls.

Brother Russo was not far behind.

“What are you doing?”

“I am bidding you goodnight.”

“Could you please let me past?” Brother Russo whispered. He was unable to stand still, shifting his weight from foot to foot, almost hopping.

What was Brother MacLeary doing? He didn’t know. There was something about the fact that Brother Russo’s discipline would end the moment he entered the room, and that Brother MacLeary wouldn’t witness it. After a glorious day of being Brother MacLeary’s twin, his brother, his husband in continence, Brother Russo would withdraw into the privacy of his cell, empty himself into his chamber pot, and sleep alone. It drove Brother MacLeary mad. Obeying some baffling internal imperative, he moved to stall for time.

“Listen,” Brother Russo said anxiously, “I’m your brother in Christ, and I need my chamber pot. Love your neighbor, buddy. Brother.”

“Compline doesn’t end until it is full dark. Father Blythe released us from prayers when it was still dusk. Look out the window at the end of the hall.”

Brother Russo balled his fists. Brother MacLeary knew he would not, could not resort to violence, even just to push a brother out of a doorway, because he would be unceremoniously expelled from the seminary. Instead he bent over and pressed his hands into his groin as discreetly as he could.

“I’m not gonna make it,” he said.

“It’s a demanding spiritual discipline. I’ve held it as long as you, and I have maintained my dignity.” Brother MacLeary’s voice was cool but his blue eyes were wide, crazed.

“It’s already been…coming out a little…during the prayers,” Brother Russo said very quietly.

Brother MacLeary caressed the doorknob with quivering fingertips. He was so excited he could not speak. He heard a soft patter as a few drops of liquid landed on the black stone floor under Brother Russo’s cassock.

Brother Russo squeezed his member with both hands. Because of his black cassock, Brother MacLeary could not see how serious his leaks were. “It’s…it’s coming out. Could you please…?”

The pattering became a flood. Brother Russo was wetting himself. He hung his head and rested his hands on his knees as a puddle formed on the stone. Brother MacLeary longed to let go at the same time, to make a huge puddle that would mix with Brother Russo’s as they both trembled with the relief and humiliation of it, but he was fully erect and couldn’t force anything out.

When Brother Russo managed to stop the flow, they looked at each other. Brother MacLeary came to his senses and shakily opened the door.

“I’m sorry, Brother,” he said. “I should have accounted for your inexperience in these matters.”

He dared to touch Brother Russo in the small of the back as he guided him to stand upright, to get into his cell before the others came.

The puddle glimmered in the gaslight.

Brother MacLeary rushed back to his own cell, shut the door and leaned back against it, pulled his cassock up and his undergarments down, and sinned - sinned brazenly, with his hand, coming in four strokes. It was the only time he would ever be forced to confess to the sin of masturbation, although of course he had remained free of impure thoughts for the whole day, for his whole life. After that he grabbed his chamber pot and pissed and pissed and pissed.

___

At breakfast the next morning, Father Blythe held forth that although nighttime accidents happen and are nothing to be ashamed of, those who are able should clean up after themselves if they have one.

“You don’t have to do it,” Brother Russo said to him when they were out feeding the chickens.

“Do what?” asked Brother MacLeary. He did not wish to speak to anyone, least of all Brother Russo. He was still spacey and discombobulated from the day before, and felt mortally guilty because he had masturbated.

“The denial of the bladder. It’s a form of mortification of the flesh. Self-torture. Flagellation. They did it in the Middle Ages, during the Plague, but the Church says we don’t have to.”

“Where did you learn that?”

“Divinity class, here at the seminary.”

Well, then. “It is an additional discipline. It is neither forbidden nor mandated by the Church.”

“Exactly. You don’t have to do it to yourself. I did it yesterday and it almost killed me. A good God wouldn’t ask that of us.”

“That’s where you’re wrong. God asks much of me.”

“You’re holding it right now, aren’t you?”

Silence. A commotion among the chickens as one hen charged another.

Brother Russo continued: “I don’t want you to do it to yourself.”

Brother MacLeary shook his head. A curtain had fallen between them. All the blissful scenes of intimacy that Brother MacLeary had conjured late at night required Brother Russo to be practicing the denial of the bladder. From what he’d just said, he not only never intended to practice it again, but he didn’t even understand, would never understand. As they walked back from the hen house, Brother Russo in front, Brother MacLeary looked at his back and felt a loneliness the size of God’s creation.

___

That Christmas, Brother Russo and three other seminarians contracted typhoid, and Brother Russo died in quarantine, away from the general population.

The night Brother Russo’s death was announced to all the brothers, Brother MacLeary wept and wept upon his pillow as he had never wept before. But in the following days, his heart hardened. He remembered how Brother Russo said, “sometimes I wonder if God will strike me dead because I don’t really have the Calling.” He also remembered the puddle in the gaslight, evidence that his friend, however kind and handsome he had been, had lacked discipline - and that would confirm everything his father ever told him about those Italians.

He came to the understanding that he was a man of God in a way that Brother Russo had not been. He walked around the seminary with a stiff back and pursed lips. During Lent, he began to torture his bladder at night with the point of a crucifix, proving his extraordinary continence and driving out his demons with white-hot pain. When he marched out into the world as a priest, he impressed even the old-fashioned churchmen of his time with the severity of his sermons.

And yet for all that he hid out in the restrooms, straining eagerly to hear young men.

___

The two nuns grunted as they used all their tricks to get the sheet out from under him. He’d wet himself in the night, as old men in traction who refuse to wear diapers are wont to do.

The dean had visited him when he’d first gotten out of surgery and told him that both Joe and the vile interloper had disappeared from campus after leaving him in the basement. Even their parents didn’t know their whereabouts. In the boredom and bitterness of that hospital bed, he’d had plenty of time to wonder…

TO BE CONTINUED

*007*2021-10-20 15:23

{{14 hours ago, wtv said:

Holy hell, this is probably my favorite male omorashi story on here.

It has every single thing I adore - intense desperation wettings, humiliation and shame, m/m, pent-up repressed sexuality erupting, out-of-control masturbation... And you’ve combined all of these elements very well, in a way that’s not forced or just thrown about like so many fetish stories unfortunately end up feeling. The character of the priest is very well fleshed-out, with all his formative memories and raw perversions. His internal monologue and justifications are a delight to read.

Feels a bit like watching a heavy period drama that just so happens to focus on wayward sexual expression.

Looking forward to the next installment!

}}

Your compliments are much appreciated. I am beaming, dahling.

The third installment and upcoming fourth installment focusing on Chester and Joe are in a second thread. I thought it was the responsible thing to do because the sequels lack content warnings for non-con omo. However, there is plenty of desperation wetting, unexpected (to the characters) sexual discovery, and period detail I can only hope is right.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/71078-the-new-york-adventures-of-chester-and-joe/?do=embed"

