A World of Late Bloomers

Author: Noface

*004*2023-02-05 05:35

I'd like to hear some more ideas for this little experiment, it's fun swapping around characters. I want to go back to some of my older writing projects soon but for now I need to get some ideas straight to end my writers block. If you have a idea you think would be cool feel free to suggest it! And if you wanna make something with the same idea id love to hear it.

Date Night Pt 3

Eric and Sarah walked out of the screening room as people flooded out. "Man did they really need to include one of those extended universe teasers in the end credits?" Sarah groaned.

"Yeah it's a bit overplayed at this point, especially for a monster movie franchise." Eric said while taking sip from his drink. "But hey, it might be fun."

"Yeah but I hate staying til the end credits over everything now."

"Then why did you want to?" Eric asked.

"Well-" Sarah said; tossing their empty popcorn bag away. "If they're gonna do it then I want to see what's happening."

"You sound like you would have been pissed if they didn't have a end credits scene."

"Well yeah, then I would have waited around for nothing." Sarah said looking over to the overly long bathroom lines created from two movies ending at the same time. "But it's the principle of the thing. They really shouldn't be tacking on 30 second trailers onto the end of every movie, at least have it play during the credits or something. I don't know."

Eric looked over to the bathroom lines just as Sarah looked back to him. "Man I was hoping to pee before we left." He thought to himself. He didn't feel like he needed to piss yet, but then again he rarely did. He was at the point where he only ever noticed he needed to be when the situation was urgent and he only had about 15-30 minutes before things got risky. "Does she need to pee? Should I ask her? I know you aren't suppose to ask a girl about her diaper unless she leaks through her clothes, but what about a girl that just wears leak stoppers like her? Should I ask her if she needs to go? Should I let her tell me?"

SNAP "Hey Eric, everything OK?" Sarah asked, interrupting his inner monolog.

"Oh, yeah nothing."

Sarah smiled back as her mind starting running through the situation. "Uhhhg I really don't wanna wait the 10 minutes it's gonna be for me to get in the bathroom. I don't gotta go yet... but if the urge hits me on the road that could be bad. These things probably can't take it if I start leaking, and if that happens twice on one date I'll never live it down. Maybe he needs to go to the bathroom, if he does then he won't mind the wait."

"Hey, you ready to go. I don't wanna keep you out late." Eric said with a smile.

"Yeah, sure."

The two piled into the car and road for the 20 minutes or so; the radio blared pop music while they discussed the movie.

"I'm just saying that the whole fishpeople origin story didn't make any sense, did they live in a cave they drilled into or something?" Sarah said while leaning forward on the car's leather seats.

"Probably plan to explain it in a sequel or something. I'm more confused where they got all that ammo from."

"The main character was a navy seal, those guys like hoarding ammo wherever they go if they can get away with it."

"You sound pretty familiar with the subject." Eric said with a laugh.

"Dad use to be in the military. I met a lot of his old friends." Sarah said finishing off the last of her drink.

"Really..." Eric said with some hesitance. "What branch was he in?"

"Complicated, use to be in the seals but apparently most of what he did officially never happened. He always joked that he'll tell me when he's on his death bed."

Eric laughed for a second before looking over to see that Sarah still had a serious face. "Oh... cool." Eric said nervously. He glanced down for a instant to see that Sarah's legs were pressed together, and he recognized that she was fidgeting slightly. "Does she need to pee? Should I ask her? Does she even realize she needs to pee? Sis always fidgets like that for a few minutes before she gets up to pee, and mom told me I tap my foot when I need to go even if I don't realize it. Maybe I should make a excuse to go to a place with a bathroom or something." Eric thought to himself as he looked to the side of the road to see a sign advertising a gas station a few miles down the road. "Hey Sarah, do you mind if we stop at that gas station? My drink is empty."

"Oh, sure." Sarah said to herself as she adjusted her position in the seat again.

They pulled into the parking lot before the two piled out of the car and went into the building. Eric went to look at the coolers while tapping his foot. He looked over his shoulder to see Sarah standing in place looking at the snacks. "Should I ask her if she needs to go? If I don't she might need to go while we're on the road. Uhhg what do I do?" Eric thought to himself before a idea popped into his head.

"Hey Sarah, I'll be right back." He said pointing to the bathroom.

Sarah's legs shifted slightly towards eachother when she heard that. A background pressure that she had somehow ignored while sitting in the car made itself abundantly apparent. "Crap, I hate it when it sneaks up on me like this. Uuuhg I gotta go." She thought to herself before replying. "Oh, sure I guess I better go too."

The two of them walked up to the single person bathrooms in the back of the place. Sarah stopped at the women's door. She tried to turn the handle only for it to be stopped by the lock on the other side. "Damnit, uhhhhhg why does it always get worse closer to the bathroom like this." She thought to herself; fighting the urge to shove her hands between her legs.

Eric walked into the men's room, ignoring the situation. When he walked in he suddenly felt a strong pressure in his abdomen. "good thing I decided to come here I guess, I needed to go too apparently." He said to himself as he pulled his pants and disposable underwear down just past his butt down, not bothering to lock the door. He decided to forgo the urinal on one side of the room and instead stood in front of the dirty toilet before he began relieving himself.

HISSSSSSS

"Ahhhh, that feels better."

Eric heard the door slam open. He looked over to see Sarah walking in with her thumbs in the waistband of her shorts. Eric shifted away slightly to hide his penis before looking away. "Ah, Sarah, I'll be done in a-"

Sarah sprinted behind him before pulling her shorts down to her knees, barely having time to assume a position in front of the urinal with her hands pulling her womanhood up. "Sorry, sorry, sorry, I just really-"

HISSSSSSSSS

Eric could hear her pissing right behind him wither her shoulders brushing up against his back. He looked forward awkwardly as the sound of their streams splattering against the porcelain filled the room; fighting the urge to look behind him to see her bare butt inches away from his.

"Sorry, I just- I know this is weird." Sarah said awkwardly.

"No- no its fine. It's cool actually." Eric said, trying to reassure her without thinking.

"Cool? You don't think I'm weird?" Sarah said, trying to break through the noise of the two of them peeing next to each other.

"No, it's fine really. I'm a little curious how you do it-" Eric said without thinking. "Damnit, that sounded weird, I'm just making this conversation more awkward."

"What? Uh... maybe I'll show you..." Sarah said, trying to find a way to defuse the situation.

The two just looked forward silently for the next second or so until Eric finished. He shook his penis to free the last few drips before pulling his pants up. He turned around as soon as he heard the sound of her pee stop. He spun around just in time to catch a view of her pulling up the trainers he gave her earlier which now had a miniscule damp spot on the bottom.

She pulled her shorts up and turned around to see Eric rushing to the sink. The two of them started washing their hands together in the sink, avoiding any eye contact.

"Hey, Sarah, I don't think you're weird. Hey knowing how to go without squatting like that helped you out twice tonight so It's pretty useful I guess."

Sarah looked towards him before turning the faucet off. "Yeah but it's weird you saw me like that. It's embarrassing."

"Hey, we've all had a few close calls. That's nothing to worry about."

Sarah leaned over and kissed his cheek. "Come on, lets get going."

