Autumn's Accident

Author: Nimbus

*000*2016-08-09 19:37

Hello, this is just another one shot while I get back into the swing of writing. You might remember the main character from here $$ though $$.

The dam was on the verge of overflow. The reservoir’s waters sloshed against its wall. Every passing moment more and more water filled the water’s rapidly depleting containment. The barrier’s walls threatened to rupture, the constant flow of water too much for it to resist. Cracks formed. The strain was becoming too great, the deluge would be inevitable and devastating, yet the failure was imminent. The waters within swirled, becoming violent, and choppy waves crashed against the container walls. The defenses cracked even further. Slowly, the fracture in strength grew greater and greater, until, finally, tiny spouts emerged on the outside of the wall.

Autumn gasped loudly. Her ears burned as the eyes of her peers turned towards her. Her desperate struggle was conspicuous enough already with her legs tangled so tightly not even Alexander the Great could get them undone, her torso constantly in flux between hunching over her desk, and leaning so far in her seat she risked slipping straight out of it, and her hands balling up the fabric of her pink sweatpants into her fists so tight her knuckles turned white. Whining definitely didn’t help.

She had to whimper, though. The hot spurt that escaped only dampened her panties. Still, she was distraught. She could feel the leers of her fellow students focus on her. Tears welled in her eyes as they lifted to the clock above. Only a few minutes left, she could make it… right?

Autumn whimpered. As if to draw her minds attention away from the constant ache of her bladder, she dug her finger nails into her thighs. Sweat formed on her knitted brow; it took every ounce of willpower to hold back the coming flood. Her entire body trembled with desperation. She wasn’t going to last much longer.

Autumn wriggled her rear into her seat, whining softly. She curled and uncurled her toes. It was hopeless. Autumn shoved her hand in her lap, bit her lip, and curled her body into her seat. “Just a little-uh! Lo-lo-longe-oh!”

A surge of pee escaped her. Her panties were the first casualty, almost instantly soaked. The dribble continued steadily, the butt of her sweat pants eagerly absorbed the liquid warmth. The gold flow pooled in the curvature of the plastic seat before Autumn could stem the flow.

The lap of her pants didn’t show her shame, yet Autumn was sure that her classmates heard what she thought had been a deafening hiss that felt like it lasted minutes. Perhaps she was right, after all, a couple students seated near her gave her strange looks. Before any actual reactions could occur the bell blared. School had ended. Finally.

Autumn waited, both hands firmly pressed into her lap, while every last classmate filed out of the room. The teacher was rather preoccupied with last minute paperwork she appeared to be dealing with. Once the coast was clear Autumn rose from her seat, revealing a shallow puddle of light yellow. Droplets fell from the soaked back of Autumn’s sweatpants when she stood up.

Autumn sighed. She wouldn’t be able to do anything about the puddle she would leave behind in her chair, but maybe she could hide her wet butt. Fidgeting in place, Autumn slipped off her cardigan. Shifting her weight from foot to foot, she managed to wrap the jacked around her waist, and it even seemed to cover the entirety of her mess. If she didn’t move soon thought, it certainly wouldn’t be able to.

Moving in a sort of shuffle run, Autumn fled the scene of the crime. She had barely left the threshold of the classroom, though, before she was intercepted by a cute boy. “Hey, Autumn.” A light haired boy said.

Dressed in a black and gold varsity jacket from the football team, was Scott. His short blonde hair gelled up, his sparkling blue eyes, and his pearly white smile… Scott was surprisingly lean for a football star, but Autumn knew, from her experience at a pool party, that beneath that white tee would be a six pack… and those V-lines…

Autumn’s lustful thoughts were sent flying at the demand of her bladder. Her body stiffened for a mere moment, then suddenly, shook and shivered. Her hips swung side to side, she rose to the ball of one foot and switched to the other.

“Uh, are you OK?”

“N-Not really.” Autumn was NOT going to wet herself in front of her crush. “I uh- gotta go. Bye!” I really gotta go. Autumn thought.

Autumn didn’t wait for a reply, instead she fled towards the exit of the school. She wouldn’t make it far though. Autumn barely made it halfway down the hall before she lost it. It started slow. A leisurely runnel of pee ran down her thighs. A dark, glistening patch slowly appeared around the crotch of her pants. The pee continued to rill down her legs, picking up the tempo. The stream ran down her right calf, separating into two separately rivulets that trickled down her ankles.

Her bladder forced more of its contents outward, a more powerful flow expelled itself into her pants. The torrent washed across her sweat pants, soaking the front for all too see. The golden out pour spilled onto the floor with a loud splatter. The hot liquid cascaded down her legs, tickling the skin and darkening the pants. Then, almost at once, the rivers of pee finished its delta into the growing ocean beneath Autumn’s feet.

Autumn was left standing in the large golden puddle, with unmistakable stains on her pants. She hadn’t entirely noticed the crowd that formed around her until the laughter and sneers reached her ears. Soon the entire school, including Scott, would know that Autumn Rose wet her pants in high school.

I'm pretty sure that my fixation towards high school situations stems from two factors. One: all the hot twenty somethings that portray high schoolers in TV shows and movies. Two: the environment of high school makes for interesting stories I think due to all the restrictions placed on people who are almost adults that you don't really get anywhere else, and the social hierarchy and interactions between classmates. Well I hope you enjoyed this! leave any comments or criticisms below. thank you!

*002*2016-08-09 21:14

{{1 hour ago, omoking said:

I love it.

Will there be more for this?

}}

Autumn will be one of my go to characters for one shots. I don't know that I will write a direct follow up to this though. It will likely be referenced in another story that Autumn appears in though.

*012*2016-08-15 07:33

{{On August 13, 2016 at 11:40 PM, AliasnameTO said:

Poetic. :D And Scott sounds like a fox! Just like a soccer player in my high school with the same name. The first undeniable evidence I wasn't straight lol. Maybe the story version of him should be into omo.

Lovely descriptions of Autumn as well. I'd like more of her thoughts and feelings, though. The pure descriptions of her loss of control don't show the whole picture of what it means. I love it when the subjects of wetting stories have a bit of personality to them.

If you wrote more about her school experiences I'd be first in line to read them. :)

}}

I don't know that he will be into omo... Though now that you said something I have thought of a male omo fic I could do with him... In any case at the very least whenever it is we next see him he will be really nice about the whole affair. He's a nice guy.

I'd like to thank everyone for there support:) I have a few ideas for other stories about Autumn although a big thing about these one shots starring her are they aren't in any sort of linear timeline (though they will probably focus around her during highschool for the most part) and some of them might not necessarily be cannon to other stories. This one and Pokemon Gotta Go are cannon though (Pokemon Gotta Go probably takes place after this story though).

Finally, tomorrow/today I will post another one shot (not about Autumn) and then I begin posting in my Harry Potter story again. Once that picks up though I will probably write more about Autumn (and maybe Scott).

