Car Ride

Author: Night Rain

*000*2016-07-20 06:47

This is the first story I've written for the site in quite a long while. It's actually a small side story from an RP that I'm currently doing with a friend of mine. It's not my best work but I hope that you will all enjoy it. Credit goes to Justice as this features one of his characters.

The day at long last had finally come to an end and Alanna couldn't. Have been happier about two things one she could finally use the restroom and two. Being she would be going home as the day had been stressful enough for Alanna already. That being with the fact earlier that morning she had an accident during math class with Kristina. It had been a rather embarrassing accident on Alanna's part. She had asked to use the restroom but wasn't allowed to leave the room.

So, in the long run, Alanna had wet herself flooding her blue and white striped panties. And soaking her blue skirt she had been wearing. Having used that time to get cleaned up and changed into a white blouse and pink short pleated skirt. She had, this time, choose to wear a white pull-up underneath her skirt.

Also, Kristina's own need at that time to pee had also made Alanna's own need that much worse but that was all behind her. After leaving the room and changing Alanna had put the event behind her. After packing up her belongings she left the classroom in a hurry wanting to use the restroom. Before leaving school because in a few minutes time she would need to meet up with Kristina to get her ride home.

After a short walk, Alanna neared the restroom only to find a small line of people. Waiting to use it this made her stop a short distance away. "N-no, n-no" Alanna muttered to herself she pressed a hand against her crotch through her skirt. The girl's poor bladder was sending signals to her brain that it needed to release itself. But Alanna was feeling herself growing scared she didn't like using the restroom with large crowds of people. In fact, she only felt safe using the restroom either when no one else was in there or with Kristina.

"I-I" Alanna was trying to think of the best course of action to take. When she in the end chicken out and turned away hurrying away from the restroom on the way. She bumped into Kristina who had left her own classroom. Seeing her friend filled Alanna with happiness as she liked spending time with Kristina. But most of all what made Alanna happiest of all was that Kristina was like her in some ways. They both suffered from accidents though Alanna's was a tad worse then Kristina's own and they both wore diapers but Alanna mainly wore pull-ups. Which helped carry some of the accidents that Alanna tended to have.

"Alanna, are you ready to head home?" Kristina asked.

Alanna didn't say anything at first she just shifted around a little. From just looking at Alanna Kristina could tell that Alanna needed to pee she was used to seeing this in Alanna. Which was quite often? "Y-yeah I-I'm ready" Alanna finally said taking her hand gently Kristina led Alanna outside of the school both girls made small talk. Though it was mainly Kristina talking about her day Alanna didn't say much just listened and said a few words from time to time.

Five minutes later a blue four-door BMW pulled up in front of the school. Both girls got into the car and sat beside each other in the backseat. Kristina's mom and Alanna greeted one another with a simple 'hello and how was your day?" as they pulled away from the school.

During the time Alanna was starting to show signs of needing to pee. She would sometimes squirm around on the seat. Or cross her legs the best she could do a couple of times she would press her hand into her skirt. Out of the corner of her eye, Kristina watched Alanna she had gone to the restroom before running into Alanna. Yet she could slowly feel her need to use the bathroom growing again. She was also enjoying the show Alanna was putting on though she would never admit that to Alanna.

A few minutes longer the car pulled onto the freeway. Alanna's need was growing worse with each passing moment.

"C-Could w-we please pull i-into a Burger King I-I need to use the r-restroom?" Alanna admitted.

Her squirming was getting more and more noticeable and her pink skirt. Was riding up her legs giving Kristina a view of her thighs.

"Sorry Alanna but I'm afraid that would be an option not for a while at least due to all this traffic, sure enough, " Kristina's mom said.

Alanna , sure enough, they were all stuck in traffic as there was an accident. Up ahead on the freeway which made moving along rather slow. Alanna started to whimper in fear her need to pee was reaching its limits. And she wasn't sure on how much longer she could hold out.

"B-But I-I need to pee" Alanna admitted.

Tears had formed in her eyes as she started to cry softly. Kristina took her hand in her own "we will make it Alanna I know we will" Kristina said trying to cheer her friend up.

Yet Alanna still couldn't help but cry softly as she was opening squirming much more now than before. Her skirt was now completely up around her waist exposing her pull-up to both Kristina and her mom. Alanna with her left hand was pressing against her trying to stop the impending flow which was to come.

This wasn't helping at all and Alanna felt herself leak small at first. Feeling her crotch grow warm slightly and tried to hang on. And think positive about things like being able to make it to the restroom. But sadly that was going to happen in the thirty minutes that they sat there waiting to move past the accident.

Alanna slowly broke down until she lasts all control and was sobbing uncontrollably as at the twenty-minute mark Alanna's damn burst and she completely wet herself. Warm pee flooded into her pull-up turning the crotch yellow and causing it to leak into a small puddle upon the seat. Soaking her skirt completely in both the front and back along with staining the car seat.

As the hissing sound was heard throughout the car. Alanna just broke down at what was happening she could only sob and whimper as after a while the streams began to die down. Moments later she felt herself being hugged by Kristina who told her everything was going to be okay.

Kristina mom also tried to calm Alanna down by offering to first. Take her to their house where they would wash Alanna's wet clothes and offer her a pair of Kristina's to wear. Kristina's mom also went on toe say that she would call Alanna's mom to explain why she was running a little late in getting home.

Alanna excepted all of this and they finally made it past the car accident. They arrived at Kristina's house where Alanna used, this time, to clean up and changed into a new skirt. Wearing one of Kristina's own outfits of old. It took about an hour for Alanna's clothes to be both washed and dried and both girls spent the time in Kristina's room doing their homework and chatting.

Soon enough the hour was up and both Alanna and Kristina said their goodbye to each other. Before Alanna's mom showed up at the house to take her daughter home.

