On Dry Land

Author: Noface

*000*2020-01-10 05:49

As a prefix to this world, it’s set in your typical fantasy world just set in the modern day. If LotR is the Middle Ages then this would be the space age. I thought about the fun of this idea and for whatever reason I decided to write about a mermaid attending college inland. Mermaids are accustomed to living in the deep sea where beach rules apply. So long as you aren’t close to someone just taking a leak while you’re swimming isn’t rare. Combine that with heavy water consumption requirements, a smaller bladder, and not being used to having to hold it and you have a recipe for problems. And our friend Melody here is not having a fun time. Anyway, Preface over.

Melody hobbled around on her crutches, slithering around with her tail. She looked somewhat typical for a mermaid, with a body that was almost entirely human from the waist up and possessing a blue greenish tail that looked something like a combination of a shark, a sea snake, and a angle fish. She was wearing a short blue dress that went down to just above where a human’s knees would be. She brushed her brown hair out from in front of her face and plopped herself down at a table in the center of the mall food court.

”hey Mel, we got your food for ya. I figured there was no good reason for ya to have to go over there yourself.” Said a short haired wood elf girl holding two bags of food.

”El, you didn’t have to do that. I could have got it myself.” Melody and Eladre had become fast friends since they both started classes at Briraven. Despite their different backgrounds, El coming from the sticks in western Arcadia and Melody coming from the City Atlantis, the two got along surprisingly well.

”No offense Mel, but I makes me feel bad to see a girl with crutches carrying things. You just look pitiful like that.”

“Listen theres nothing wrong with me, my tail just doesn’t work that good up here. How would you feel if you came to Atlantis or some other Merkin city and I was dragging you around everywhere because you couldn’t swim as fast as me.” Melody replied.

”Well I can’t rightly breath underwater so I’d probably feel like I was drownin’.” Eladre Said as she stuffed a handful of fries in her mouth. “So I’d probably need some help with that.” She said while still chewing.

Melody laughed. “I suppose that’s true. But I can breath perfectly fine up here, so I don’t need the help. By the way did you get my drink?”

”Diet Wz Merlin, extra large with no ice just like ya asked. Still don’t understand why ya hate ice so much.”

Melody unwrapped the cheap cheeseburger from her meal and took a long gulp of the massive drink in front of her, lowering the level of the beverage inside by an inch and a half. “Because it’s how they cheat you out of your drink, and i need as much as I can get.”

Eladre stared her in the eyes for a uncomfortable minute, looking like she was trying to figure something out. Just as Melody was getting uncomfortable, Eladre took a bite of her burger and spoke. “How do y'all eat under water? I’ve been tryin’ to puzzle that out for a while now. Doesn’t the food get soggy?”

”Uhh... We eat in air pockets most of the time... Surface food doesn’t taste good wet so most resultants have the tables and kitchen above water in a air bubble. Also don’t stare like that, it looks creepy.” She said as she washed down a bit of her burger with another massive gulp of soda.

”Sorry Mel. Anyway don’t ya think you’re drinking that a little quick?”

”Why?” Melody asked while chugging another drink, bringing the drink in cup to half it’s original level.

”Well ya don’t want me to get your refills for you, plus aren’t ya worried about having to take a leak?” She said whispering the last bit.

Melody choked on her fries for a second. “El! Don’t talk about that while people are eating, besides it’s not as if i’m a child. I can hold my punch just the same as anyone.”

”You said that last week and you had to run a red light driving home.”

”Just drop it. Now im finished, let’s get back to shopping. I just need to get me a refill first.” She said as she reached for her crutches.

“It’s fine Mel, i’m gettin a refill anyway. Let me grab that for you.” She said as she snatched the cup out of Melody’s hand.

”That girl, if she was a man I’d think she was trying to get me in bed or something for as much misplaced concern as she has. Then again I’ve never seen her with a guy. Is she hitting on me?” Melody thought to herself. Her thoughts turned to her agonizing drive home last week and the damp underwear she had to slip down her tail in the bathroom of their dorm room. “Maybe I should go, just to be safe.” She turned her eyes to the restroom only too see a line extending 10 people outward. She took a moment to notice a pink haired mermaid riding a wheelchair, another common option for mermaids living on land, with her hands pressed up against her lap. “Nevermind, I am not waiting for that to thin out. I don’t need to go, I’ll be fine.”

”Hey Mel, I got ya drink.” Eladre said as she walked up to her, helping her to a standing position and putting her crutches under her arms. “Now, you wanted to check out that swimsuit place right?”

”Yeah” She said as she started drinking again. “Let’s get going.”

The two of them walked across the mall, through halls full of shops. Some of the more noticeable places where a sweet shop ran by a elderly Orc woman selling chocolate battleaxes and candy skulls, and a hobby shop selling replicas of legendary magic weapons from history. It didn’t take too long for the two of them to arrive at a small surf shop.

Melody hobbled in and began looking through a pile of discounted swimsuits. “Oh look at this, don’t you think the pink brings out my eyes? Oh but the green would look good with my tail! What do you think El?”

Eladre let out a sigh while she looked through the typically small Elf section. “Why do they always have to be so big, I can never find anything with a snug fit.” She mumbled. It wasn’t odd for wood elf’s of her age to be more... lithe for lack of a better word. But Eladre was a even smaller than average. Most elven women don’t grow into their full proportions until they hit 500 or so, which unfortunately for her was a good century off.

”Cant you wear an a cup?”

“The only thing I can get to fit are children’s suits, and I have to cut those in half and wear em as a two piece.”

”Hmm...” Melody looked through their selection, trying to find some made for a Mermaid. “Hey, do you have any mermaid suits?” She asked the sales person.

”Why don’t ya just wear the tops?” Eladre asked.

”Oh I don’t know, why don’t you just go around naked? I’m not a doll you know. Just because we look like fish to most people doesn’t mean I want to go around like that!”

”I’m sorry miss, but we don’t carry those.” The salesman replied.

”You could always buy one of those with the skirt things and cut the bottom out.” Eladre said.

”grrr... Forget it. I will be taking my business somewhere else.” She started towards the door and noticed a slight tinge coming from her abdomen. “Great. I guess I should be finding a bathroom soon.” She thought to herself.

She looked at the map to try and find one before Eladre grabbed her by the arm. “Hey, I asked someone and they said there was another store on the other side of the mall. Ya wanna go?”

”I guess I can hold it until we pass by one.” Melody thought to herself. “Sure.” She replied.

The two of them slowly crossed the mall, all the while the twinge in Melody’s abdomen was becoming a annoyance. They came to a circular area with a large fountain in the middle. The loud babble of the water reached Melody’s ears. “Great, that’s doing wonders for the situation. On top of that it’s making me thirsty. This heat, im sweating to death.” She thought to herself.

To Be Continued

*002*2020-01-10 08:10

The two of them moved in through the front doors and saw that this place was considerably more well stocked than the last store that visited, such that it made Melody wonder how the other had stayed in business this long. She made her way over to the Mermaid section and quickly found her answer. “150... what the hell!” She shouted. “This isn’t even made well I could find something better than this in Atlantis for half the price.”

”Well you see.” A voice sounded from behind her. “We don’t see to many Merkin in this part of the country so not to many people stock this.”

She turned around to meet the saleswoman that spoke to her. “And that’s a excuse for this? Come on El...” She turned around and noticed that Eladre had disappeared. “Where is she off too.”

“The wood elf that was with you is trying something on.”

”What? I wouldn’t expect her to spend the prices here.” She sit herself down on a bench to wait for her. She sat there as her tail began to slowly squirm back and forth. She resisted the urge to press her hands into her lap to help alleviate her current sensations. “What’s taking her so long. I feel like i’m going to spring a leak any minute. I’ve been looking for two hours and I haven’t found a single bathroom that was broken down or occupied. Why are things so complicated up top? In the ocean you could just swim a few feat away whenever you needed to pee. Up here it feels like everything is a mile apart.”

Her thoughts were disrupted by a voice coming from behind her. “Hey Mel, how do I look?”

Melody turned around. Eladre was standing behind her in a green one piece swim suit with a light green drill around the edges that complimented the few curves she had perfectly. “This one was on sale, it actually fits too. You think I should get it?”

”You look great.” Melody said as she propped herself up, sending a jolt through her bladder. “You should get it. Anyway I’ll be back soon, if this is the last place you want to go then i’m ready to leave.”

”Ok. I’ll go get the car after I checkout. I’ll meet you at the door out there.”

Before Eladre could finish, Melody had rushed off, or at least as fast of a rush as she could manage, in the direction of the nearest bathroom she could find. “If I remember the map correctly, there should be a bathroom over here somewhere. Man I wish being able to just piss while I was swimming. But I can’t let anyone see me do it here.” She hobbled her way to the part of the mall that the map lead to, only to be disappointed by the sign on the door. “Out of order! This is the biggest mall for 100 miles, why is everything broken! Oh well, I’ll just find another one before-“

She was cut off by a text message alert on her phone. “Hey i’m out here, where are u?” The message from Eladre completely disrupted her plans.

“Forget it, I’ll just hold it till we get home. It’s a long drive but I can do it.” She thought to herself before replying. “On my way.”

She made her way out as fast as she could, the constant jostling and bouncing not doing her condition any favors. “Hey Mel, drop your bags and let’s get moving.” Eladre yelled.

She threw everything in the back of her dirty and beat up car and cleared enough rubbishy out of the front passenger seat to sit down again. “Ok let’s go.” Melody said, resting her hands on her lap.

They drove off and began the three hour drive home. Eladre put on a song from her favorite Western singer, Nicoli Arrowhead. “Can you not play that every time you drive? It’s just Guitar with some guy singing about how he lost his dog or whatever.”

“Hey it’s better than most of the emo rock bands you listen too. If ya want to listen to something else then you can drive.”

The drive was uncomfortable at first but quickly became unbearable as the bad shocks on the car made every bump a close call. “You can do this girl, just don’t think about it. Think about something else like school or-“ Her train of thought was interrupted by another bump. This one hit her hard, so hard that she felt a small warmth growing from her front. She gasp and shot her hands down. “No no no please stop!” She shouted by accident, barley managing to get her leak under control.

”area ya ok?” Eladre asked. “Is anything wrong?”

”No I just...” she turned her eyes away for a second. “I need to pee...”

”is that all? I thought that it was something bad.” Eladre said.

”We’re miles away from a bathroom and I feel like i’m holding a riptide back, that’s bad!”

”Oh you don’t need a bathroom. Look the road isn’t that busy or anything, I’ll just pull over.”

”But I can’t do that up here, people will see me.” Melody said with a flustered tone.

“Not anyone that cares. Everyone’s had to pull over and do this once or twice. Hell im a Elf, do you know how many times I’ve had to ask someone to pull over or something? We take 30 years to potty train.” Eladre said as she pulled over and stopped the car.

”Im afraid if my hands come off I’ll start leaking again...”

“Fine, I’ll carry you out. I don’t want my seats stinking.” Eladre said as she walked around to Melody’s side and opened the door. She wrapped one arm around Melody’s waist and picked her up, propping her body against her own and she walked a few feet away from the car. “Go ahead, nobody cares.”

Melody let out a defeated sigh. “Thank you.” She pulled up the front of her blue dress and slid down a white band that was around the same point a human’s panties would be. Her body in that area was smooth and features save for a single long slit that was now damp and glistening. She moved her tail back so that it was no longer directly underneath the opening. Before she could move everything, a small stream of clear piss erupted from her. “Ahhhhh...”

She felt herself being moved slightly as Eladre was adjusting where her feet sit. She looked over and saw her moving her two feet apart and hiking up her skirt. She lowered her panties and spread her slit open slightly with two fingers.

”What are you doing?” Melody asked.

”Sorry, I’ve been holding it since this morning. I thought that It could wait till I got home but, well I don’t think I can.” Eladre looked forward as a stream of golden piss spring out in a arc in front of her extending for a good three feet.

Melody looked on in surprise for a moment as her own stream slowly turned into a trickle. “Is that a wood elf thing or...”

”You live in the woods and you have two choices, live with getting poison Ivy in places where the sun don’t shine or this. Plus it let me beat my brothers in a pissing match once. If you want I could show you how to do it.”

