History Repeats Itself (a Naruto x Hinata story)

Author: Noface

*000*2022-09-23 08:30

I’m currently going through some military grade writers block with no idea how to continue a story that’s hung around my neck like a sexually frustrated albatross. That said there’s a competition going on with the prompt of wetting in a boat and I have some free time for once. So i thought about writing something as a one shot to try and get some ideas flowing and maybe win a competition with a free story as a prize. Who knows, maybe I’ll be able to get back to writing after this.

This story was written with the above prompt in mind but seeing as i’m a degenerate weeb with the habit of either making my entire unique universe with its own rules for a story or just making fanfiction for whatever i’m rewatching currently is it’s no in between o decided to make a Naruto fanfic. This story plays around with time using occasional flashbacks so I need to explain the setting. This is the Naruto universe with the story proper being set in one of the Shippūden filler hells with the flashbacks all being in the pre-timeskip filler hells. Basically, it’s all in generic filler hell where outside events don’t matter and you really don’t need to know what’s going on. Just know any flashback is from original series timeframe while the story proper is going on post-timeskip but definitely before the movie where they cut the moon in half. Characters of note are Hinata and Naruto as to be expected.

History Repeats Itself

Today was not a going to be a good day. Hinata knew that much ahead of time as soon as she was assigned her mission today. On the surface a delivery mission taking a crate by boat to a island off the coast of the land of fire wasn’t a bad thing; there was no real risk of sign of difficulty and the weather was suppose to be clear for the rest of the day. The mission was so simple that only two shinobi were assigned to job.

Unfortunately though Hinata had been woken up early this morning without being given any more details than that. She didn’t even have the time to eat or drink anything more than a cup of tea this morning, or handle anything else for that matter. She thought about her abrupt morning as she downed another cup of tea at a ramen stand near the shore where she was suppose to meet her as of yet unidentified partner.

“I hate it when they don’t give me any details like this.” Hinata thought to herself as she finished her third cup of tea for the morning in hopes of waking herself up. “Someone wakes me up with a knock on the door this morning, hands me a mission brief that didn’t even say who else they assigned to the job, and rush me out the door so fast I didn’t have time for breakfast, brushing my teeth, or even…” her thought trailed off as she rubbed her knees together for a moment contemplating the minor pressure in her abdomen. “Then they just hand me a crate and told me to to get her asap. Being a Chūnin has its advantages but these zero notice mission assignments aren’t one of them. I just wish it was a solo mission, I told Tsunade I hate going on long boat trips. Of course it’s not like I can tell her why.”

She set down her fourth cup of tea and paid for her food before standing up and tying the bag holding the chest she was assigned to deliver onto her back. “I just hope they assigned another kunoichi for this. After last time I don’t think I can handle another 8 hour boat trip with a guy.” Her thoughts trailed off again for a moment as she walked towards the point on the shoreline to where the boat she was told to take was suppose to be resting.

“They aren’t suppose to be there yet so hopefully I can find a place to go before they get her, I just hope there’s a building near here that has a toilet I can use.” Hinata grimaced, for all her years as a Ninja she still hated going outdoors and a bashful bladder she had yet to defeat meant that answering the call of nature around someone else was difficult to say the least, something that had lead to more than a few close calls and one mortifying experience. “It’ll be ok just as long as they didn’t pair me up with-“

Hinata’s train of thought came to an abrupt end when she looked to tiny sailboat she had to ride to her destination being pushed into the water by a familiar blond haired Shinobi in a orange jumpsuit. “Oh, Hey Hinata!”

“Naruto!” She yelled at the top of her lungs. “What are you doing here?! I mean, I thought you were away on a mission?” She adjusted her tone in an attempt not to sound rude or upset.

”Oh yeah I was suppose to be on my way back to the village but I was in the area so granny Tsunade must have decided to have me come along on this. Got a messenger bird this morning.”

Hinata’s face turned a familiar bright red and twisted with a barely concealed panic, less from her chronic shyness and more from a terrible, horrible, painfully embarrassing memory that she prayed to every god that would listen would never repeat itself. That memory had now been forcefully thrust back into her mind like a kunai straight to her brain as she began to dread that history would repeat itself.

“Oh, that’s great… Um, hold on. We don’t need to leave just yet. I think I’ll check the woods around here, make sure I wasn’t followed.” She ran off well past the tree line and beyond any line of sight before he had a chance to respond and quickly found a place secluded by a cluster of trees and shrubbery. She quickly positioned herself in a squat and pulled down her pants before trying to relive herself in a panic. “Come on come on, I needed to go just a second ago.” She silently whimpered to herself. Despite the need she had felt only a moment ago her body stalwartly refused and rejected any attempt to open her floodgates. The thought that Naruto might hear her had subconsciously brought her body into such a state of panic that she hardly even felt the desire to pee anymore.

”Hinata, are you ok? We should probably leave soon, it’s a pretty long trip.” Naruto yelled at her from the distance.

Hinata panicked again and hastily pulled her pants up before running back to the shore. “Yes, i’m fine. Sorry, I was just being paranoid.” She hopped onto the boat before Naruto opened the sails and they pushed off from the beach. She knew that today was not going to be a good day.

###################################

Hinata’s mind turned to the memory that shook her to her core before. She remembered a time when Team 8 had been assigned to deliver a chest containing a gift from the lord of the land of fire to another noble family to commemorate a wedding or some such event that didn’t really concern them. The mission was significant but no danger outside of bandits was expected so Kurenai and her team were given the mission, with the exception that they were told to bring Naruto along because he had been complaining about a lack of missions lately.

She thought back to where things began to go south, they had just arrived to to the riverfront and were stopping for tea and a meal before leaving.

”Come on. This isn’t like when we were in the woods this morning, Naruto kun isn’t gonna hear me… WHAT IF HE HEARS ME!?” She thought to herself in fright and frustration while her body refused to release the water that it had held prisoner since last night. Hinata had taken the opertunity to stop in a bathroom in the back of the tea house while everyone else was eating. She had tried too relieve herself this morning before everyone else woke up but the idea that Naruto might hear her and walk out to see what was going on made her bladder seal itself shut. Even though she was in a clean bathroom this time Naruto was less than 10 meters away. What is he heard her?

”Hinata! We’re leaving, her out here!” A very annoyed Kurenai yelled at her from outside.

”Coming! Hinata yelled before pulling her pants up and running outside.

The group made their way to the river boat before Kurenai explained the plan. “Ok listen up. Kiba will patrol the left side of the river while Shino will patrol the right side. Run ahead of us and make sure there isn’t a ambush. This thing is too big for us to take on foot and no convent roads let us take a wagon so we’re stuck using this, but that doesn’t mean we need to open ourselves up to a trap. Hinata will stay with me and Naruto on the boat to protect that cargo. If either of you see anything send up a flair and make your way back here.”

Hinata blushed for a second. “Um, Kurenai sensei, why am I staying on the boat?”

Shino and Kiba are good at detecting the presence of enemies by smell or scouting so they’re good for finding threats at range. I’m having them scout ahead to spot anyone waiting for us. You have 360 degree vision and impressive perception so you can spot anyone coming close to us. I’m here to protect that cargo and Naruto is terrible at anything but fighting so he would be wasted anywhere but here.”

”Hey!” Naruto yelled.

Kiba laughed before agreeing and Shino nodded at the plan. The two ran into the woods flanking the river and Kurenai untethered the boat before shoving off with Naruto and Hinata in toe.

A few hours passed as the pressure in Hinata’s lower body grew from a nagging annoyance to a constant distracting sensation. She stood on the opposite side of the ship from Naruto, activating her Byakugan every few minutes to check for threats. The sound of running water started to wear on her. Her focus became scattered and concentrating on anything turned into a task in and of itself. She rubbed her knees together as she looked over her shoulder.

Naruto was sitting on the other side of the ship leaning against the mast. He grumbled something under his breath. “Man I wish something would happen!”

”Naruto the point of this is that something isn’t suppose to happen. A mission where no combat happens is a mission well done.” Kurenai said with a scolded tone.

”Bit that’s lame, fighting people is the best part of being a Ninja. This is so bored. Nothing to do but listen to the sound of running water just flowing on and on and on. Gushing over rocks. Slipping through gaps. Swirling around and around before just going down stream, probably over a waterfall eventually. Man this is making me thirsty just thinking about all that water.” Naruto said with a bored expression on his face.

Hinata visibly cringed as her knees pulled closer together while Naruto kept spouting his meandering thoughts about running water.

Kurenai’s eye twitched for a second before speaking. “Naruto look over here.” As soon as Naruto looked up Hinata saw Kurenai make a hand sign, causing Naruto’s eyes to slam shut before he began to snore.

”Kurenai sensei, why did you do that-“

Hinata’s thoughts were interrupted when Kurenai stood up and began fiddling with her skirt. She hiked up the front of her skirt and pulled her underwear down to her knees, a sight that made Hinata shit up and turn around. “I had a lot of tea this morning and he wouldn’t shut up.”

A loud hiss erupted behind Hinata’s back from the part of the ship where Kurenai of standing. Despite having her back turned Hinata had had her Byakugan activated and saw the massive amount of urine contained in Kurenai’s body filter down and gush out from her body over the side of the ship. She was standing up and directing the flow by pulling her womanhood upwards with her hand, a trick Hinata had seen her use before and that Kurenai had offered to teach her, but one Hinata was never brave or adventurous enough to try.

”Hinata I know you need to pee, there’s no shame in it. Everyone has to do it. I put him to sleep with a genjutsu. I’ll undo it in a minute but you should go now while he’s out.”

Hinata blushed visible, the sound of Kurenai relieving herself making her need much more apparent. She disengaged her Byakugan and looked ahead at the river. “That’s ok sensei, I don’t need to-“

Kurenai’s stream died down before she readjusted her clothing and began to speak. “Listen Hinata, this is a conversation I’ve been needing to have with you for a while. This is a problem. You always hold it way too long and ignore basic biological needs because it’s embarrassing for you. Even if you don’t want to let me teach you how to pee without leaving yourself vulnerable you really need to get over this, it’s effecting your abilities as a Kunoichi. You’re not using your Byakugan very much because of this.”

”How did you-“

”Because my chakra control gets sloppy when I hold it too long too.” Kurenai interrupted. “Everyone’s does. It screws up your focus. I use to have the same hang ups. I once wet myself on a mission because I was paired up with all guys and wasn’t comfortable just speaking up. Before that one of my genjutsu broke because my focus was screwed up from trying not to piss myself. That screwup almost got people killed! This isn’t your teacher talking to her student, this is a woman talking to a woman. This is something you need to get over eventually or you’re getting someone hurt.”

Hinata adjusted her posture to hide her desperation and stood in silence for a second. Kurenai sighed. “I’m undoing the genjutsu on him now. If you don’t go now i’m not putting him under another.” Kurenai waited for a second before making another hand sign that caused Naruto to jolt awake.

”Huh, what happened?”

”You dozed off, keep your eyes peeled. That goes for you too Hinata.”

##################################

Hinata listened to the sea waves rock the boat back and forth. Her bladder was nagging her more than this morning as the tea she drunk was beginning it’s death march to its point of eventual departure. It was bad enough that she would have looked for a place to escape too a few hours ago, now it was becoming a serious issue. She had made a point to strengthen her bladder to deal with her problem, but even still it was starting to worry her.

”Hinata, how you holding up?”

”What?” Hinata jolted to attention.

”It’s a long trip. You thirsty?” Naruto said before pulling a bottle of something out of his bag.

”Oh, no thanks. I’m fine.” Hinata said in embarrassment. In truth her mouth was starting to get dry but she refused to put any more liquid into her system. “I just don’t like sailing is all.”

”Yeah you seemed a little distant. I don’t blame you for being nervous after last time.” Naruto said as he took a drink out of the container he brought with him before stowing it away.

”LAST TIME?!” Hinata said with a scared tone. She began to think to herself. “Did he find out what happened? I thought he never knew? OH NOOOOOO!”

”Yeah, the last time we were on a boat mission delivering something we lost the cargo. Remember?” Naruto said with a confused look.

”Oh… right. I remember.” Hinata said in equal parts relieve and dejection. She remembered that failed mission all too well.

”Anyway, want to go to the beach after this? We never go on missions with just two of us. Might be fun to swim or something.” Naruto said as he stared into Hinata’s eyes.

”He. Wants. To. Spend. Time. Alone. With. ME?!?!” Hinata’s face turned blood red with a massive smile before she felt a slight damp spot appear in her underwear. Her mind turned to panic as she slammed her flood gates shut, stopping the flow just as a tiny leak had formed. “AHHHHHH NO NO NO NOOOO WHY THAT MAKE ME ALMOST- AHHHHHHH!” She screamed internally.

”Hinata? Are you ok?” Naruto asked with some concern.

Hinata collected herself, briefly looking down to confirm that the minuscule leak from before hadn’t shown on her pants. “I’m find, that sounds fun.” She said with a smile before turning around. “But we can talk about that after we land, we need to stay focused.”

”Oh yeah, I guess you’re right.”

Hinata looked down to her stomach and activated her Byakugan. She looked at her muscles and internal structure before directing her index finger at her lower stomach. She began to run through ideas in her mind. “Time for some drastic measures. Gentle fist binding palm, flood gate.” She shot a jet of chakra out of her finger to below her bladder, striking her urethral sphincter and causing it to forcefully clamp shut. She felt a slight rush of discomfort rush through her body as her holding muscles spasmed shut tightly. She had created this technique as a emergency precaution a few years ago to avoid a a potential emergency like the last time she was in this position; using chakra points to lock her muscles shut made accidents mostly impossible with the downside that her bladder control was significantly worse for a while once it wore off. But she knew that she should be fine as long as she doesn’t exert herself.

“That mission was kind of a disaster wasn’t it.” Naruto said with a laugh.

”Yeah… pretty bad.” Hinata said as her thoughts trailed off.

###################################

Hinata kept to her routine of frequently scanning the river every few minutes with her Byakugan and focusing to keep her bladder under control for the next few hours. Her conversation with Kurenai still hung heavy in her mind. “Is it really such a problem?” Hinata thought to herself. “I mean it’s been a issue for me a few times before but is this really something I need to worry about? It’s only been a problem on a couple missions. And most of the time I can just excuse myself and go away from everyone else. It’s just that when Naruto is around…”

Naruto fidgeted as he had been doing for the last 15 minutes or so. “Hey Kurenai sensei. Is it ok if I head up the cliff side for a minute?”

”No, we stay here and keep to the plan.”

”Ok but is it ok if I, uh, well I kinda gotta go.” Naruto said with a laugh.

”mKurenai turned her back to him and looked forward down stream. “Go ahead. Not like it’s anything to worry about.” Kurenai said in a statement that Hinata felt like a brick to the head.

Before Hinata could say anything she heard Naruto unzipping his pants. She heard a loud hiss trickling down past the side of the boat and a satisfied “ahhhhhh” escape his lips.

Hinata blushed as the sound caused her bladder to spasm, forcing a squirt of urine to escape. She shoved her hands between her legs and shivered with embarrassment and desperation. “No no no please. I can’t wet myself here. Not like this. Not in front of him.” A few more spurts managed to escape before she wrestled control back. She looked down to see a small wet patch that she was only able to hide by pulling the front of her coat down. She shoved her left hand in between her thighs as a precaution to prevent this from happening again. “I… I just. I can’t believe I almost wet myself like that in front of Kurenai sensei, and Naruto.”

”Ahhhh. That feels better.” Naruto said with a chuckle.

”Hinata, i’m feeling a little uneasy right now. Do you see anyone with your Byakugan?” Kurenai whispered back to her.

”I-“ Hinata yelped, too afraid to remove her hand from its current position and divert her focus to activate them. “Hold on, just give me a second.”

”Hinata-” Kurenai barked before grabbing at her arm with a gasp. The two genin looked to see a needle dripping some purple fluid buried in her shoulder.

They looked back to inspect the sound of a splash that followed to see a figure jumping out of the water with a crossed out village of the hidden mist headband. “Water dragon jutsu” A massive dragon made of liquid enraged from the river and impacted Kurenai who’s reactions seemed slowed, knocking her off the boat.

The rogue shinobi charged after her while two other less distinguished figures jumped out of the water on the side near Naruto. “Damnit they were using the sound of the water to hide. Shadow clone jutsu!” Naruto shouted before creating a group of clones and charging after the new arrivals.

Hinata righted her stance, unsure if she should charge to help Naruto or stay by the cargo. Before she could think of what to do next a kunoichi jumped out of the water near her and ran in to attack. “Gentle fist 32 palms!” She reacted with a attacks causing him to vanish in a splash. A splash that missed her but brought attention to a growing warmth in her lower body.

In her panic her fragile hold over her needs had given way and a flood had began. Her pants were filling with a cascade of pee that left her paralyzed. “NO NO NO!” She said to herself thrusting her hands down in a futile attempt to regain control as her piss was flooding downward to the floor of the boat.

Before she could think of what to do next the woman who had created the clone she just struck kicked her in the back of the head, sending her off the boat. “Water Clone Jutsu!” She created four more clones that lifted the chest they were tasked with delivering and ran towards the cliff.

The two shinobi naruto was fighting disappeared in a explosion of steam before the apparent leader who was battling Kurenai clapped his hands together. “Hidden mist jutsu!” He summoned a tick mist and ran off following the girl from before.

By the time they all found each other Kurenai was almost to the point of collapsing from the poison that rogue Jōnin had used on her and the two of them had fled to far to track easily. After they got Kurenai to a place to treat the poison Kiba and Shino had lost the sent of the pair. She recovered quickly but the mission went down as team 8’s first abject failure.

###############################

Hinata sighed in frustration. Thinking back to that mission had always made her upset and this had left to glued in her brain. And to make things worse her bladder had escalated from a discomfort to a major problem. Almost to the point of being painful. She knew that if it wasn’t for her locking her muscles shit they would have given out almost an hour ago.

”Hey Hinata, is something wrong?” Naruto asked.

”What? Why do you ask?” Hinata asked awkwardly.

”Its just you’ve been more quite than usual. I mean you’re usually pretty quite but you haven’t said much of anything for, what, 6 hours now? Are you mad at me or something?”

”What? No! I just… this just reminds me of the first mission I failed is all” Hinata said pulling her knees together and leaning backwards. We never caught those two and Kurenai was mad at me is all. I could have seen those two if I was using my Byakugan that whole time. We failed because of me.”

”Its not your fault, I fell for their bait hook line and sinker. She used transformed water clones to lure me away. If I had stayed behind then it wouldn’t have happened.” Naruto said laying down on the boat, bring his head near Hinata’s waist.

Hinata blushed and moved her legs apart. “No you’re a better fighter than me. If I had done my job I could have taken care of those clones and-“ she stopped speaking abruptly and threw a pair of Kunai at a patch of empty water.

Two shinobi jumped out of the water and stood on the ocean surface, a older man and a young woman. “Damnit! Daddy she must have saw us!”

”Nice catch Hinata!” Naruto yelled before creating a group of clones.

”I saw them with my Byakugan, I’ll handle this!” Hinata shouted before assuming a defensive position.

”Water dragon jutsu!” The older man shouted before summoning a pair of water dragons and sending them after the boat.

Naruto charged to counter them with pair of clones using a rasengan, charging after the main user himself.

The younger girl created a dozen water clones before charging after Hinata. “Hey you two are familiar, Daddy and I attacked you before didn’t we? You’re that girl that p-“

Her taunt was cut off as Hinata flew into a attack. “64 palms!” She destroyed the group of clones and knocked out the girl that summoned them, sending her falling onto the deck of the boat. She smiled for a second before looking down, feeling a all to familiar sensation spreading across her womanhood. She resisted the urge to shoot her hands down to try and staunch the flow as a sense of embarrassment crawled up her spine.

“I need to keep an eye out for any others. Besides, I can tell I can’t stop this anyway.” Her whole body shivered and quaked as the feeling of humiliation and relief mingled and spread through her. That mixed with a strange sense of pride in overcoming her embarrassment to defeat a old enemy, in not fighting her desperation and focusing on a real danger. The whole thing left her mortified and elated, excited in a way she couldn’t quite put to words.

She felt the fabric of her pants and underwear cling tightly to her form as her flood slowed to a crawl. The thought that this all happened near Naruto left her feeling like she wanted to roll over and die, but also like another need was making itself known between her legs that she desperately wanted to address. “Why am I feeling like this. I feel terrible but… errr I also wanna- No that has to wait for later. I need to tie her up while she’s passed out, and keep and eye out for if anything happens.

As she finished tying her up Naruto jumped over with the father who he had knocked out in almost as short a time. He jumped down in front of her and set the man down on the ship. “Hey Hinata, mind tying him up too. It’s good thing you spotted him, that poison could have been-“

Naruto froze when he looked down to see the very apparent wet patch that had blossomed from Hinata. She froze up in time, blushing pure red trying to think of a way out of this. “NO NO NO! Think of a excuse. She uses water jutsu, that’s easy. Just tell him she splashed you or something. That’s believable right!” She thought to herself. “NARUTO I JU-“

Her voice stoped as soon as she saw a damp patch growing from Naruto’s crotch. Hinata froze up entirely while Naruto just laughed. “Hey don’t worry. If we’re both embarrassed there’s no reason to bring it up to anyone else, right?”

Hinata was left speechless. The fact Naruto just wet himself to make her feel less awkward struck feelings into her that she couldn’t quite put into words. “O-ok. Yeah let’s just not bring it up.”

Maybe today was pretty good after all.

